
                  Who would you rather meet, Albert Einstein or Isaac Newton and why?
                 





                       Albert Einstein
                      

                     , hands down.
                     

                     Einstein was well remarked for having a very friendly, very congenial attitude, best described as "your favorite uncle". I'd ask him about life, how to win girls, what should I really be worried about, whether this and that is a good use of time, where to go in Germany, whether science is best pursued professionally or personally, ask him what Godel was like in person. I'd tell him about what's news with the bomb, about physicists now raving over that constant, constantly, (and yes, mention he had it right all along). I'd be tactful and bring up nothing to do with quantum mechanics or any of the modern interpretations. I figure we'd have a coffee or tea, sail a bit, play checkers, wear knit sweaters, drink lemonade and basically not reference at all his gargantuan genius in mathematical physics.
                     

                     What about
                     

                       Isaac Newton
                      

                     , you ask?
                     

                     As far as I can tell, ol' Zack was not a particularly pleasant or personable character. I don't think we could discuss politics, during two years of sitting as an MP in Parliament his only remark was "Can someone close the window? I feel a cold draught on my back." I'd ask him about girls, except for the fact he remained celibate his entire life. I bet he could give some interesting explanations for things, so long as they weren't based on his lecture notes. Optics and Colour, a series he delivered at Oxford was so legendarily boring that after the first lecture no one returned and dear ol Zack gave the rest of the series to an empty room. For his two cent's worth, he's probably peeved we don't remember him as warden of the Royal Mint. For the last 30 years of his life Newton tasked himself with scouring England for counterfeiters and posing undercover as a tax collector, trailing and collecting evidence against purveyors of counterfeit currency. This was totally unnecessary as the post was a formality, intended to provide him an income with no required work. Newton took the matter seriously, and his hard work paid off. Like the time he detained, prosecuted, and had executed 10 counterfeiters in a single week.
                     

                     Yeah, I'll stick with Uncle Albert, thanks.
                    
                     Newton. He is one of the Giants on whose shoulder Einstein is sitting. Newton transitioned from Mathematics to Physics at a time when there was no definite distinction. Einstein faced his own challenges. Not at the scale of Newton. I would definitely like to know more about Newton, surly or not.
                    
                     Albert Einstein! As we all know, Einstein had an unusually high command of math, but Einstein once said: "Not all that can be counted, counts; and not all that counts can be counted." An exceptional assertion for someone with finely tuned analytical skills.
                     
                     Copyright: Kevin Harris 1995
                     


                       http://rescomp.stanford.edu/~che...
                      


                     By all historical accounts Newton was a creepy freak. He was unquestionably brilliant, but apparently very unpleasant in person. Also by historical accounts Einstein was a very pleasant and interesting person to talk to. I'd take Einstein.
                    
                     Einstein - even from a science point of view.
                     

                     The challenges these two guys faced were quite different. Newton lived in a world of scientific ignorance and had to think completely out of the box to even claim gravitation of falling objects. His calculus was consonant with his times and yet brilliant. I'd be ecstatic given a chance meet him, but having read the afore given answers, I'd probably check whether he is interested in the meeting :)
                     

                     But Einstein lived in a world where physics was almost well defined; where making new scientific discoveries were like searching for pin in haystack; a world which I'd probably relate with. Perhaps therefore I would gain a bit more useful hints from meeting the gentle Uncle :)
                    
                     Einstein, not just because he was the greatest physicist of all time but also because he was an extraordinary person with as good knowledge in human interactions and behaviour as well..
                     
                     it will be an amazing experience to listen him speak and tell the special theory of relativity in his own words
                    
                     Einstein, so that I can tell him "
                     
                      Look, I travelled faster than light
                     
                     ". That is probably the one way to go back into the past :)
                    
                     Einstein for sure.  Newton was a surly person, and socially ill adapted.
                    
                     They are both fascinating of course, but I would choose Newton: given our much more divergent places in time it is likely he would find
                     
                      me
                     
                     much less boring than Einstein would.
                    
                     Definitely Sir Einstein, because... I am sure the apple would have fallen in some body else's head.. But the theories that Einstein has contributed might be a little more complex to be compared to Sir Newton. And it is not fair to compare them both.
                    
                     I would rather sit and have a nice chat with Newton, though from what I have read he was not the nicest person around but who knows...I don't think Einstein invented a whole new branch of mathematics, then went on to use it to make discoveries; He relied heavily on Reimanns non-euclidean geometry, Mach's discoveries and others-though I am not as up on Einstein as Newton; Newton and his times just seem more...um.
                     
                      ..romantic
                     
                     ?  Anyways, Newton had to come first, then Einstein not the other way around, this I am sure of.
                    