This may have been the show’s way of avoiding bringing in the Horn at all. The problem with something like the Horn of Joramun in a show that spans multiple seasons is that it has to be obvious that it’s a big fucking deal, unless its impact is immediate (in which case, you leave the audience thinking that it was just a cheesy plot device to resolve poor writing anyway). If, for instance, Sam mentions the Horn of Joramun in passing to Jon in S3E2, and then in S7E5 the Others show up and blow a horn and the Wall explodes, 99.999% of the audience (that haven’t read the books, anyway) are gonna be sitting on their couches thinking, “WHAT THE FUCK JUST HAPPENED?” In order to span any length of time like that, they would have to purposefully write many scenes where people do nothing but talk about the Horn, just to make sure that the audience knows that it’s a big fucking deal that will come into play at some point in the future.The books can afford to be a little more sly, because in that medium it’s a lot easier to make callbacks to previous events if it seems absolutely necessary. In Book 7, if you need to remind the reader about something that happened in Book 1, you can have the character reminisce about it, or “rediscover” it (like if Sam had put the Horn into a box, and then months or years later, opens the box and goes, “HOLY SHIT, THIS MUST BE THE HORN OF JORAMUN! WE’VE HAD IT ALL ALONG! IF ONLY WE HAD KNOWN THAT WHEN JON FOUND IT ON THE FIST OF THE FIRST MEN.” Something like that lets the author reintroduce a dormant concept or plot device without sacrificing the importance of it, and also recalling exactly when it was previously introduced.

I really wish people would stop conflating the books and the show, considering that the two have practically nothing left in common.In the books, the Horn of Joramun is almost certainly the horn that Jon found at the Fist of the First Men, and which he gave to Sam, who took it with him to Oldtown. It has nothing to do with Bran at all.On the show, the Horn of Joramun has never even so much as been mentioned, as far as I can recall. I suppose it’s possible that Bran might be somehow responsible for the fall of the Wall (Why stop there? Why not make him responsible for everything bad that ever happened in Westeros?) and thus serve the same function as the Horn of Joramun. It doesn’t seem very plausible to me, but then again, nothing on the show seems remotely plausible to me, yet it keeps happening anyway.

No spoilers. The Horn of Winter is a horn that was once blown by the famous wildling king, Joramun. Legend has it that it woke the giants from the ground when he blew it to fight the Night's King. The Horn has been missing for many a century. In the North, people (including Wildlings and the men of the Night's Watch) believe that if the horn is blown, the Wall will crumble.

Years ago the The Horn of Winter was blown which tore the surface of ice and the dead things, giants lying under the ice came out with it. I don't remember the exact details that I read in A Dance with The Dragons, but you can always go on wikioficeandfire to check it out.

