As a DJ, I've thought about this once or twice. (Sometimes, when you get bored playing 20 minute long tracks, you start to play setlist games in the DJ booth...)For music to be effective in hell, for it to provide the maximum level of annoyance and discomfort, it has to be unpredictable above all else. [1] After all, if you can predict it, if you can guesstimate the rhythm, melody, and so forth, you can begin to just kind of ignore it. Whatever faults Justin Bieber, Britney Spears, or New Kids on the Block have, they still are generally tied to modern conventions of melody, rhythm, and harmony. This makes pop music, even horrible pop music, patently unsuitable for hell. This music may be banal, or boring, or irritating, but there is something recognizably there that you can steel yourself with and subsequently ignore.I believe that, to be truly hellish, the music has to throw you off balance. It needs to be inescapable, unavoidable, and surprising. It has to be bracing and dizzying. When and if you get to sleep, it has to stick in your brain. The soundtrack of hell does not preclude songs with melody, or consistent tempo, but those features shouldn't last for long, lest you become inured to even an iota of the hellish atmosphere.To this end, I have provided a few examples of that those necessary (if not sufficient) conditions for music to be hellish. Note that these are all artists I've listened to, and still listen to, as part of a sizable musical diet.Exhibit 1: Bernhard Günter. A lot of his compositions have significant patches of silence, with unexpected high-frequency jolts. It's the kind of music that you don't notice is there, until you do. Then it's irritating and you probably want it to stop.Exhibit 2: Merzbow. Masami Akita, aka Merzbow, is perhaps the best-known musician in the Japanese noise genre. Over the past thirty-plus years, he's released a stream of albums (including a 50-CD box set). In this example, you think the composition settles into a rhythm, but it doesn't. You (by which I mean "I") wind up getting transfixed after a while, despite its annoyance:Exhibit 3: Yasunao Tone. This is noise from the digital realm. Solo for Wounded CD is just that: Tone mutilated CDs and sampled the skips.[2] Again, rhythms attempt to emerge from the chaos; you might be able to snatch a hint of a melody. But it doesn't stay in one position long enough for you to contemplate or to ignore.Exhibit 4: Peter Brötzmann. Don't get me wrong -- I've enjoyed his music for years now. But if I were making the soundtrack to hell, I'd include his work, because it really does depend upon surprise, timing, and shifts in volume:There are myriad other examples, natch. And there are a good number of artists that are not on the pure noise end, but with more melody and unexpected twists. (This is especially the case with a lot of glitch and IDM artists, like Autechre, Aphex Twin, Pimmon, and Venetian Snares). But I think this represents the "extreme" end, as it were.[1] I am imagining here a perhaps Sartre-esque notion of hell, one that's not necessarily fire and brimstone, but more of a set of patently inescapable irritations.[2] Fun fact: I once totally got punked by someone who claimed to have a new Yasunao Tone composition, that turned out to be just a bad burn of an audio CD.

Anything by Yoko Ono! Since Hell is eternal, I would suggest; Onobox,  a comprehensive 6-disc collection of Yoko Ono's  work from 1968 to 1985. Enjoy Hell!Edit

Probably a good choice is The Omen, with music written by composer Jerry Goldsmith. That score gave Goldsmith in 1976 his first and only Academy Award of Best Original Music. The choral composition 'Ave Satani' was also nominated as Best Original Song the same year and it's a perfect fit.

It would have to be the collected hits of Pat Boone.  The way he produced saccharine versions of the works of obscure and not so obscure black artists of the time -- Tutti Frutti, Long Tall Sally, Ain't it a Shame -- makes his work a perfect option for a place of eternal suffering.

Stairway to Heaven on the Harp -Or perhaps Fire Starter by The Prodigy -

I think a lot of answers are fairly long winded. I’ll make this as simple as possible:Before you buy and set up:Get an Apple Music account (or similar - e.g. Spotify) - this makes setup really simple and a local library/computer isn’t needed.Get a Pandora account - this is great for Radio. Spotify and Apple Music don’t really do this that well. It’s great for just starting music when you want it in a rush.Buy a Sonos Boost (don’t go fully wireless)A Sonos Boost sits by your router and gives your Sonos network a direct connection to the internet. Sonos don’t require this but I recommend it it almost all cases. I’ve seen Sonos Players drop in and out in small apartments without the Boost. The Boost reinforces the network and you’ll likely never experience a wireless drop out unless you can wire in a few of your Sonos Players.Set up your roomsLarge RoomGet two Sonos Play:1s - they sound great in a stereo pair and fill a room with sound. The Play:5 has a better dynamic range but you’ll not feel the benefit and the stereo separation is better. You can always go crazy and get two Play:5’s for the ultimate sound experience. This is a dramatic price difference from $400 - $1,000.Small RoomGet a Play:5 - this sounds great and really fills the room with sound.TV RoomGet the PlayBar - it’s truly amazing. Back it up with two Play:1’s as surround speakers.You don’t need the Sub but it does sound great when you add it. The sub really adds the fourth dimension at a party too where all of the players are playing the same music.The Play:3The Play:3 is the runt of the litter really. It’s not really good enough to justify it’s price over the Play:1 and is just a bit damp really.TruePlayTruePlay is amazing. Run through the set up from the settings of the Sonos App. It will take all of the acoustic imperfections in your room and adjust the sound to account for them. It works like magic.OutdoorsWant speaker outside? If you can be bothered - the Play:1s are good for moving in and out. They are not weatherproof at all. This is great for parties as the Play:1s are a little quiet outside.Alternatively get a Sonos Connect:Amp and connect it to some external speakers. Something like the Polk Audio Atrium 4’s. This is less simple to set up because you do need to run cable etc. But it is a permanent solution.Start SmallSonos products aren’t cheap. They are competitive though. You can slowly build your collection from two Play:1s all the way up to a full home audio system.Good luck!

There aren't really any major freshman mistakes.  Sonos Zoneplayers are reliable and the network self configures effectively.  Everything is easy to set up.The biggest choice is to drive the Sonos off of your MP3 library from NAS or a PC.   At first I set it up as a NAS, but I realized that required setting up a script to keep the NAS in sync with my iTunes library on my PC.  I didn't care to do that.  Also, the Sonos worked fine waking my Mac.  I got rid of the NAS and now just drive it off of my PC.  The iPod Touch is a better remote than the original CR100 Sonos remote with the touch wheel.  The CR200 is expensive.  If I was buying a new system I'd just buy the cheapest iPod Touch available for each remote.One of your zones need to be connected with an Ethernet cable to your network.  If you're going to have just one zone, you're wasting your money a bit.  For several zones Sonos is amazing.  It will be interesting to see whether Apple's coming Tablet device has any accessories (Sonos like boxes) that will move towards competing with Sonos.  The most likely scenario is that the Tablet becomes an even better Sonos remote than the Touch, given its expanded screen real estate.

The biggest secret is in making sure your network is in good shape first.  This includes both wired and wifi.  The less interference you have the better your overall experience will be in the long run.  This means having your local music on a device connected via ethernet, making sure your wifi isn't competing with too many others and insuring whatever device is doing your DHCP (usually your router) has enough memory to keep track of everything.  If you have a stable network to start with, you will have an awesome experience!

I happen to have worked at Sonos as an engineer for around four years.It's mostly a matter of deciding in what rooms you want music, and whether you need an amplifier (zp120) or just line out (zp90) -- now, as of a few months ago, there's a third option -- the s5, with integrated speakers.  I have one in my bedroom, and am very happy with it.So let's say you have 3 rooms, one has a stereo/home theater setup, and one you want to be able to move one zone around for an outdoor party or something: that would be one zp120, one zp90, and one s5.  As for controllers, if you have an iPhone or iPod touch, you can just use the free software for that; otherwise, the cr200 is pretty slick as a single purpose device.  You can also control the system from any PC/Mac (and the PC controller works on Wine last I checked).Whatever your particular decisions, I highly recommend it: though I don't really have the apartment to justify multi-room, I've been very happy as a user, and not just because I helped build it.  Perhaps my favorite use-case is when you have a party; people have made some strides with playlist voting apps for the iPhone and similar, but really it was always tremendously rewarding to set up an hour playlist and then have people at the party start playing what they wanted to hear -- it self-tuned to the audience, and was simple enough that you didn't have to tell anyone how to work it.(The local radio feature is also pretty fun).

I would recommend a ZP90 with a good pair of speakers in your main room, plus an S5 in less occupied rooms (kitchen, bedroom etc etc).In Europe we have the Spotify music streaming service. Its had some teething problems on launch, but the bitrate is a littler higher than Napster and it sounds fantastic. I also have a NAS device for streaming my iTunes music to the Sonos. All I really want now is for Shazaam to automatically add my recognised music to my Spotify account and I'll be in music heaven :)

