This Mission has so so so so so many places that do brunch, I'll go ahead and give you a run down of some of the best places by categories - because picking a singular 'best' would be impossible.Upper Mission:Best Pay-off for Staying-in-Queue-for-an-hour: Mission Beach Cafe, get the heuvo ranchero and baconBest French Toast: Bar Tartine, made from rustic sour-doughBest Sidewalk Experience: Tartine Bakery, challenge - getting a tableBest Dolores Park People-Watch Spot: Dolores Park Cafe, downside - shitty foodMost Bang for Your Buck: Frjtz, downside - crappy ambiance.Most Mediocre Way to Blow Off $20: Luna ParkMid-Mission or Near Potrero Hill-ish:Best Yuppy $pot: Foreign Cinema - watch out for strollersBest Organic Clean Breakfast Fare: Universal Cafe, try the soft scrambled eggs.Best Indoor Cozy Hangover-Cure: Slow Club(coming soon: Plow - which I have not tried, but have been getting great reviews.)Lower-ish Mission (22nd and Below):Best Place for Hipster Lovers: BoogaloosBest Bloody Mary: BerettaBest Deli-style Fare: Wise SonsBest Donuts&amp;Coffee: Dynamo Donuts, downside - a bit out of the way, but has a really lovely backyard.Best Subtle Seasoning: Local Mission Eatery - pricy, small portioned, but delicious, plus there's the fabulous Knead Patisserie in the back to cure your carb-cravings. (coming soon: Local's Corner - a new place by the same guys who did LME.) Best Reenactment of "Pleaseantvill" (the movie) - St. Francis Fountain. People will tell you, "Try their chocolate egg-cream soda!"  My advice - um, don't. (coming soon: Sous Beurre - a pop-up kitchen inside Sugar Lump Cafe, however, being a pop-up style place, the brunch fare may not stay forever...)

If you are looking for a diner atmosphere that's easy on the pocketbook and vegan/vegetarian/omnivarian friendly, St. Francis Fountain is a please-all.On weekends they have Eggs Benedict of all styles. Also, I like to order "off the menu" and get a short stack of blueberry-banana walnut pancakes with real maple syrup on the side...it tastes like warm blueberry banana bread. Plus, it's about 8 bucks before tip if you add on a cup of bottomless coffee.

Try Local Mission Eatery - Chef Jake Des Voignes sources many ingredients from his own farm.http://www.heardabout.com/san-fr...Sous Beurre Kitchen just started serving a killer brunch as well.http://www.heardabout.com/san-fr...Foreign Cinema is good too.http://www.heardabout.com/san-fr...

