Everybody, male and female, of course can feel home sick from time to time, as long as it doesn't stop you from adjusting to your new surroundings, making friends so life isn't so lonely.

I wish you had given more details about why you're asking this question; capitalizing "Man" suggests that you already accept that it can be okay for a woman to be homesick (presumedly as long as this is not a permanent state of misery that prevents enjoying a new life,  here), but it's somehow possibly not healthy for a man.  "Degrading" is both a cultural judgment and a personal/family judgement that I can simply disagree with but that doesn't address why you have such a judgment in the first place. What's potentially "mentally unhealthy" is deciding this question by gender rather than by the nature and impact of the homesickness (e.g. whether this is actually depression, PTSD, resentment, chronic dissatisfaction, an unrealistic rosy image of the past or of another place).

If they have an ounce of emotion they should. All people should be nostalgic at some point. To reminisce  about the good o'l days or even recall some SOB is normal. Being home sick in a continuous way though suggests you aren't adapting to the new life in front of you. As Gibran says "life does not go backwards nor tarry with yesterday." You are lonely or scared typically. Some are discouraged the dream isn't panning out as imagined. Tighten your question up to what is causing the flashbacks and you will notice if your solution, going back home, will do what you want it to; save you.

Homesickness is not bad - It is in-fact good. By the very fact that you want to be near your loved ones, one can say that homesickness is not bad.But, I have been a counselor for a long time now and have seen cases where EXTREME Homesickness grows into a disease. For those I am writing some tips below:Whether you're away at school, you've just moved, or you're just away on a trip and you want to go home, there are many ways to cope with what really sometimes feels like a "sickness" and feel better over time. Homesickness can affect people of all ages in almost any situation, so don't be ashamed if you're inexplicably longing for home after only being away from a few days. If you want to know how to deal with homesickness and to learn to love your new environment, just follow these steps.How to Deal With it:1. Pack some of your favorite things. It will be easier to beat your homesickness if you've packed some of your favorite things in advance. If you know that this may be a problem for you, or even if you'll be away from home for a while and don't know how you'll feel, it'll help to pack some of your favorite things from home so you feel more comfortable in your new environment. If you haven't packed anything that reminds you of home and are suddenly homesick, you can ask a family member to send you a gift package with these things, if it can easily be mailed. Here are some things that you should pack:1. Some photos of your family and loved ones. If you have any photos of a certain place from home that means a lot to you, those can help you feel better too.2. Your favorite stuffed animal, toy, or knickknack from your bedroom. Putting this in your new space can make you feel more at home.3. Something that smells like home, like your favorite pillow or blanket. Just remember not to pack too many things that remind you of home. It's great to have a reminder of home, but you'll feel even more lonely if you're reminded of home everywhere you look.2. Talk to your loved ones from home. If you want to feel less homesick, you'll feel better after hearing some soothing words, or even some funny jokes, from the people you love the most. If your environment allows it, make time for weekly phone or Skype dates with your loved ones. You can also go to an Internet cafe twice a week, if you can, to email your friends and family and to catch up with the people you love. Set up a routine for talking to the people you love, even if it's only once every two or three weeks. This will fill up your day and will give you something to look forward to. If you don't have much access to a phone or Internet, write weekly, bi-weekly, or monthly letters to the people you love. This will help you sort out your thoughts on paper while communicating with the people you care about. You can also spend a bit of time on Facebook or other social networking sites to see what your friends are up to. Just don't spend all of your time there or you won't have time to be out in the world.3. Talk to your loved ones -- but not too much. Talking to the people from home you most care about will make you feel grounded and less lonely, but if you talk to them too much, you'll be keeping yourself from making new friends and will be so stuck thinking about what everyone is up to at home that you won't be able to enjoy the world around you. Set a limit for how much you will talk to every important person in your life. You can even designate one day of the week as a "catch up day" if that makes it easier for you to say goodbye to the people you love at the end of the conversation. You can also wean yourself off of talking to the people from home. You may feel the most homesick in the beginning, when you don't have many friends and are still adjusting to your new environment, so you can talk to your loved ones a bit more at the beginning.But if you talk to your loved ones all the time in the beginning, then everyone around you will be making friends and you'll be left in the lurch.4. Share what you love about home with others. Longing for home on your own may only be making you feel worse -- why not share your love for where you come from with the people around you? This can lift your spirits, help you feel more comfortable talking about home, and it can also help you make some new friends in the process. Share your local cuisine with your new friends or acquaintances. Whether you're studying abroad or just going to college a few hours away, sharing your favorite foods from home with others can make you feel better. You can have a party where you teach a few friends to make the foods you love most from home, or just invite some people over to enjoy your favorite local snacks. Share your favorite music with others. If you're from a place that loves country music, have a small get-together where people play board games, get to know each other, and listen to your favorite tunes. If you loved listening to jazz at home, play some jazz. The music doesn't have to directly relate to your home as long as it reminds you of being home. Tell funny stories about being at home. Though you may be feeling too mopey to laugh, try sharing some funny anecdotes about what you loved most about being at home. This will make everyone laugh and is guaranteed to make you feel better. If you're living in a place with a different native language from yours, try teaching some people a few key phrases in your language. This will be fun, distracting, and educational for your friends.5. Do some things you loved to do at home. Though part of being away from home is doing many new things that you would never think to do in your old environment, you can find a way to do some of the things you loved to do at home if it makes you feel better. As long as you don't indulge in these activities too much, you'll be able to alleviate your pain a little bit. Here are some things that you can try: 1. Eat your favorite foods from home. If you're living thousands of miles from home and there's only one restaurant that serves your local cuisine, try it out. If there aren't many restaurants to choose from, make your own food.2. Watch some of your favorite TV shows. Though you shouldn't have a moping marathon of your favorite shows, if you're prepared with a DVD of your favorite shows, you'll feel a little better if you watch one of them every few days.3. If you were in a bowling league or book club at home, don't be shy. Do your research and see if you can find something similar in your new environment. You'll be able to do the things you love and meet some new people in the process.6. Don't spend too much time trying to replicate home. Though doing the things that remind you of home, being around the things that remind you of home, and talking to your favorite people from home can help alleviate your pain temporarily, these things may make it harder for you to adjust to your new environment in the long run. If you're so focused on replicating home, then you won't be able to notice all of the wonderful things around you. Try to set a limit to how many "home" things you do per day, or per week.7. Make friends. Making friends in your new environment -- whether they're locals or visitors -- is the easiest way to love your new location. If you take the time to open up to others, you may learn that you've found a whole new group of people that you have so much in common with. Don't spend all of your time missing your old friends, or you won't be seizing the new friendship opportunities right in front of your eyes. Be brave and ask an acquaintance to grab a cup of coffee. You may learn that you have a lot more to talk about than you think.Wherever you go, you should try to act extra friendly, no matter how sad you may feel. This will make you more open to meeting new people and will make more people drawn to you. Join as many group activities as you can -- this will make it easier for you to meet new people. Accept as many invitations as you can. Even if you've been invited to a party where you won't know many people, or if someone you don't know that well invited you to see a movie with a group of friends, put your shyness aside and say yes. If you're really far away from home, making friends with some locals can help you appreciate the new environment, because the locals will know where to really go to have a true native experience.8. Stay engaged. Maintaining a busy schedule is the key to loving your new environment. If your days are packed with exciting new activities, studies, and time spent with new people, then it'll be hard to spend all of your waking moments thinking of home. Though you shouldn't be so busy that you don't have time to sleep or decompress, you should be busy enough that you aren't looking for something to do for hours on end. Here are some ways to stay engaged:Join a club or an activity. Wherever you are, try joining a group activity that will get you out of the house and will give you something to care about. Immerse yourself in your work or studies. If you're away to study or work, try to really enjoy what you're studying or doing and take pleasure in all of the new things you're learning. It's even better if you join a study group or get to know the people you're working with. Keep a calendar where you can write all of your engagements. This will give you something to look forward to -- other than the day when you can go back home.9. Enjoy the unique aspects of your new environment. You should make the most of any place where you find yourself. If you're a freshman in college, check out the guest lectures, a cappella concerts, salsa performances, or anything else that your school may offer. This will be a great opportunity to see something completely new and to love where you are. If you're studying abroad in a new country, then you should check out all of the museums, palaces, local restaurants, and any other aspects that make the country unique. Get out your tour book and make a goal of doing something cultural at least once a week and plug it into your calendar. Immerse yourself in the culture. Learn the language or local expressions, find a love for the cuisine, and even try learning some fashion tips from the locals. If you find a friend to join you as you explore a new place, you'll feel even less homesick, but don't be discouraged if you can't. Going out and checking out a new place by yourself is much better than staying in and feeling sad. Ask some local people for their favorite things to do. You may get an excellent recommendation for finding the best burrito of your life, or you could get directions to a gorgeous off-the-radar lake. Get out of your comfort zone. Though you may be scared to follow some of the traditions of the new place, like learning to salsa dance or eating grasshoppers, just look at it as an adventure. Even if you didn't like the experience, you'll have some great stories to tell later.10. Get out of the house. Getting out of the house is half the battle to beating homesickness. Of course you'll be homesick if you spend eight hours in a day watching reruns of The Office in the near-dark. Instead, make a goal of spending a lot of your time out of the house, whether it's just to read the same book you were going to read at home in a sunny park, or to take a long walk with a good friend instead of doing sit-ups in your room. Stay active. Exercising outdoors will help you beat homesickness and feel more healthy and positive. Work or study out of the house. Go to a coffee shop or park and do the same work you were going to do at home. Just being around people will make you feel less alone.Explore. Taking long walks through new parts of the city or town you're in can be a great way to get to know your new environment.11. Talk to someone. If you're experiencing periods of deep sadness about being away from home, make sure you have someone to talk to, whether it's a new acquaintance, teacher, or host mother. You can also talk to someone at home about it, but talking to someone in your new environment can help you feel more connected to the new place. Keeping your homesickness inside will only make you feel worse. Don't feel scared about sharing your true feelings.12. Be realistic. Let's face it -- being away from home is not always the most wonderful experience in the world. Maybe you're away for a grueling work routine, or staying with distant relatives who aren't quite as entertaining as you hoped. You don't have to have the time of your life to be away from home, but you should always look at being away from home as a growing experience, and a chance to learn something new about yourself. Whether you're having the time of your life or not, be proud of yourself for sticking with it and not giving up.13. Give it time. Don't be disappointed in yourself if you're not in love with your new environment right away. Many people around you may have embraced their new surroundings more quickly, but that doesn't mean that there's something wrong with you; in fact, many people who may look like they're having a great time may in fact be feeling incredibly homesick. Have patience and know that with a bit of perseverance, you'll be able to make it work.14. Do the things you loved to do on your own. Though you shouldn't spend too much time on your own when you're homesick or you'll feel even more lonely, you should still try to do some of your favorite things so you feel more happy and comfortable. If you're a big reader, make time to enjoy a good book. If you love to do yoga, find a new studio or maintain your practice in the morning.Designate "me time," where you'll do the things that make you happy instead of wallowing. Prepare in advance. Make sure you have enough books, running gear, or canvases to keep you going; you may not easily be able to procure your favorite things in your new environment.15. Keep a journal. Keeping a journal will help you get in touch with your thoughts and to process everything that is happening on your trip away from home. Whether you're studying abroad, in college, or at summer camp, you will likely be experiencing many new and unfamiliar sensations, and keeping a journal can help you keep track of your thoughts. Every time you write in your journal, try to think positively by writing down all of the good things that are happening and all of the great things you have to look forward to. If you only us your journal to write about how miserable you feel, you'll only make it worse.16. Pick up a new interest. Finding something new to do on your own can help you find your passion or just pick a new way to pass the time and be excited for a new activity. You can try exploring your artistic side by drawing or painting, try writing a poem, short story, or even the chapter of a novel. You can also find a new interest that is related to your new environment. If everyone in town loves biking or swimming, you can try that; if everyone loves to spend time drinking cappuccino by himself, then see how it makes you feel.17. Don't wallow. The worst thing you can do is spend all of your time crying in your room, lying in bed, and looking out the window. Though you may feel incapable of leaving your room or tossing aside your negative energy, you won't be able to enjoy where you are if you spend all of your time wishing you were somewhere else and counting down the days until you go home. If you really can't leave your room for days and feel absolutely debilitated by your homesickness, talk to a doctor or a counsellor -- you may be suffering from depression. Try to focus on the positive. Make a goal of not complaining to others, and say at least five positive things every day. There must be something that you like about your new environment. 18. Some additional tipsThink of how much fun you're going to have the next day or later on.When feeling homesick you might want to try thinking about the things that you can't do at home.Call a family member just so you can hear their voice again.Consider telling someone if you are really homesick, someone at the place with you preferably. A friend or a teacher will be willing to help make sure they know you are serious and let them know what they can do.If you have just arrived at a new boarding school and you are feeling homesick don't keep it to yourself. Go and talk to another new student about it, you never know they may also be feeling homesick too. Talking about it for both of you DOES make it easier. This way, you can make a new friend as well. Once you make new friends, you are well on your way to getting settled in!Talk to someone who is with youKeep in mind that the very first night away might be particularly stressful. Just try to fight through it and you may find the next day gets better.If you have been homesick in the past, do not let it stop you staying away from home again. That was one trip. Think what you didn't like and how you could change it. Keep the next stay short and then go for it.Just think that in the morning you've got a really fun day planned ahead and the quicker you fall asleep the quicker that day will come.Going home early is a last resort but if you are truly miserable and can see no way it could get better then ask to go home. Ring a parent and explain honestly how you feel.Imagine that you are in your home when asleep. Try and picture the position of your bed when you are sleeping and just pretend that the people that you are with are really your parents and siblings.Don't leave yourself any free time.Do not ever ring home when you are feeling a bit down. You will feel worse probably mid-phone call and the people at home will realize this and worry about you. You will feel guilty for making them worry and hey presto you feel more homesick and upset. Agree to email, text or instant message to let everyone know you're OK insteadIf you feel unsafe where you are, you have every right to demand to go home, unless you are very far away.

That depends. It might have an affect in Career Mode games, but doesn't affect anything when playing player-v-player. It has a marked effect in the 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa game, however, during qualification rounds.

I was the producer for FIFA 07 and FIFA 08. I can tell you that when I worked on FIFA there was no home advantage in terms of the AI. However, we did implement an 'emotion engine' that drove things like the crowd and the commentary. They are designed to emulate the way a crowd gets behind it's team (or goes against the opposition) in real life. So while there was no logical difference, it would feel different playing home vs away.

I don't think it will any. Because kick of starts in random basis. Only difference is if you are home side is only you start from left side. If you have any obsession of be in left side then you can have an advantage.Well, if you can start from home side like everytime then you may have your own strategy like creating pressure from a particular side or player , or cross from particular positions etc. It's you who have to create your comfort zone in the game.So good luck and happy gaming \U0001f3ae

I would say no, there's not an advantage of playing Fifa at home. I've been playing FIFA for a while now and no matter if I'm away or at home it plays the same. However, I will say when I'm home and I score a goal and the crowd goes wild it keeps me more into the game. So, maybe theres psychological advantage to playing at home for the player controlling the team. I do remember in the NCAA football games being at home had its advantages. Like the crowd would go wild and the opposing team would sometimes get rattled. That's the only thing I can think of when it comes to advantages at playing at home in a video game.

Nope, no advantage at all. I have played a bunch of FIFA and there is no game I can remember in where being a home team makes you better than somebody controlling a road team. It's all about the quality of the team you are playing with. Now the only thing I can think with being the home team is that the player may feel most at ease because when we watch sports we tend to associate the home team with having a natter chance to win became they are in front of their home crowd and do not have to worry about being booed or being affected by crowd noise. On a video game, none of that matters. No matter if it as a road or home team, I win with either one and you will as well depending on how you play.

