I’ve read the first half of Mein Kampf and I’ve also read a Biography by his later to be Main architect Albert Speer.What Albert always pointed out was Hitlers’ extraordinary memory capacity. Albert and Hitler would often discuss during the day and at night about architectural plans. Hitler had a vision of creating a empire that would last for “…a thousand years”. In his mind the architecture would have to represent this, so he had a lot of buildings in mind. Of course, Albert tried to make those buildings a reality, thus drawing down the ideas as an architect does. Whenever he was discussing the the technical drawings, Hitler would always immediately know which building it was, what corrections he has advised Speer to make, the dimensions, and all that stuff. So he had a precise recollection of probably hundreds of different technical drawings and was able to remember even tiny details of certain drawings, which is pretty damn insane.Apart from that, Hitler obviously knew how to elaborate himself. In “Mein Kampf”, he has a rather complex sentence structure with a lot of technical words. This might not show his intelligence to some people, but I think it is fair to say that he was good with words. His famous speeches he often wrote the night before he had them. He was always procrastinating.Obviously I am not a fan of Hitler, nor do I agree with him on any subject. I still have read a lot about him just due to the fact that I am always interested in all sorts of topics.Hope that helped,F.S.

Doesn't it really depend on what we mean by intelligent? Politically he was a genius, he had an eye for spectacle and rhetoric that was unparalleled. This is what lead him from being able to grow the Nazi Party from 55 members when he joined to the ruling party in germany in ten years. Furthermore whilst I have never seen one of his speeches it is generally accepted he was a skilled orator who was particuarly charismatic However in other ways he was not. Mein Kamp is generally considered to be unreadable trash. Meandering in places, almost always lacking in focus and switching from topic to topic. Furthermore he was incredibly unintelligent in a military sense, as I'm sure you know he made the mistake of invading Russia, but it went beyond this. He constantly became obsessed with "super" weapons that he thought would win the war like the V2 or the Maus tanks. He also made mistakes such as failing to crush the BEF in Normandy before Dunkirk and trying to support the Sixth army in Stalingrad just by air. 

Just imagine thisYou're young, yet you've failed everything in life .You've failed your studies , your passion; art isn't a success and you are homeless .Life is basically over .No ? And if I told you that 15–20 year later you would be a god like figure in the most powerful country in Europe . You've destroyed mainland Europe powers and your whole Germany is behind you .This is the amazing story of Hitler .Of course, his ideas and war time choices were terrible and atrocious , but you have to admit that his life was exceptional , and he obviously wasn't an idiot .

Hitler was charismatic, not necessarily (or even) that intelligent.Charisma possibly has some relationship with intelligence, in that a minimum is required, but intelligence was not a significant factor in Hitler’s ascendency to power. Charisma was. Charisma is ineffable, yet can be recognized and acknowledged during and after-the-fact.Here are some other examples of recent or modern-day (political) charismatics: Tito, Mao, Ho Chi Minh, Obama, JFK, Castro, Che, Pierre E Trudeau, Mandela, Putin, Gandhi, Berlusconi, Duterte and others I think that you can think of.In making this comment, please note that I think that charisma is an amoral attribute. It’s not about right or wrong, it’s simply about a powerful attraction. Furthermore, the attraction may be regional or cultural and not necessarily understood outside it. Also note, other than a few in the above list, most charismatics are not highly intelligent. They are/were all highly aware of, and adept at using their charisma, though.Charismatics often lead personality cults that are the base of their rise to power and adulation that border on worship. To do this, most charismatics either speak or write very well. They know how to string together magic words ….Hitler could both write (Mein Kampf is well-written) and speak (in the beginning, people came out in droves to his rallies to just listen and be mesmerized by him). It is perplexing to comprehend how such a magnetic personality such as his (or others) could do what he (or they) have done and can do ….

I knew the woman who introduced Eva Braun[1] to Hitler. This is her with Hitler and her husband:Erna Hoffmann, second wife of Hitler’s photographer and art adviser Heinrich Hoffmann[2], was a distant relative of mine and a friend of my grandmother. We knew her as “aunt Erna”. Several times I listened to her talk about being part of Hitler’s entourage at the Berghof[3].More than ten years of her life aunt Erna was a member of the private clique around Hitler. Until her death in 1988 aunt Erna failed to recognize the demon in the guy who made her and her husband some of the most privileged people in the Third Reich. She wouldn’t see herself as being seduced.Professor Heinrich Hoffmann owned a photo atelier in Munich. He was one of the first members of the Nazi party, joining in 1920, one year before Hitler took over. Hoffmann became friends with Hitler (who had a soft spot for artists) and was soon appointed personal photographer and adviser in art affairs. Each official close photo of Hitler until the early 1940s was taken by him. In Hoffmann’s studio near the NSDAP headquarter Hitler practiced poses for his speeches and had them photographed.In 1929 Hoffmann hired Eva Braun as a photo and lab assistant. Occasionally Eva modeled for him as well. One day when Hitler entered Hoffmann’s studio he met Eva. Heinrich and aunt Erna introduced her as the new assistant, he introduced himself as “Herr Wolf” (“Wolf” being his nickname among friends and people close to him).Hitler was a public figure at this time already, but Eva, politically unaware, didn’t recognize him. She immediately felt attracted to the man however and asked who he is, after “Herr Wolf” had left. “That man is the Führer of our party,” Heinrich replied. From this day on Eva pursued Hitler, even attempted suicide twice in order to get his attention.By 1935 Hitler had made the Berghof in the Bavarian Alps his preferred headquarter where he spent most of his time. Eva Braun (who quit the photo job in 1933) and aunt Erna became permanent residents, while their men traveled often, one of them preparing Germany’s and Europe’s downfall, the other documenting it.As part of his inner social circle aunt Erna had countless dinners with Hitler, accompanied him at his daily walks to the “Teehaus” and was present when guests were received and entertained. As a history nerd I know of Hitler’s inclination to bore the people around him with endless monologues on these occasions. But Hitler’s overextended lectures were no central part of aunt Erna’s memories, at least not of the memories she shared.Aunt Erna painted Hitler as a nice man who loved children and animals, especially his dog Blondi[4] . From what I gathered they had a good time at the Berghof, wallowing in pleasure and luxury, avoiding political talk of any sort. Even if I had insisted on getting something substantial out of her, I doubt I would have discovered much.For years aunt Erna was as close to Hitler as you could get, but she didn’t even scratch the surface of what was really going on.Footnotes[1] Eva Braun - Wikipedia[2] http://Heinrich Hoffmann (https:...[3] Berghof (residence) - Wikipedia[4] Blondi - Wikipedia

He is no longer alive , but my Boy Scout Scoutmaster, Dr. Maurice Tripp (Saratoga, California, USA), had the extrordinary experience of spending almost a full week with Adolf Hitler in the early 1930s. Dr. Tripp was part of the  American National Council of the Boy Scouts and was invited to Germany to advise Hitler about his (at the time, apparently innocent) Hitler Youth movement. Tripp traveled with Hitler and his entourage, visiting various Hitler Youth programs where they were building trails, bridges etc. I remember him saying to me ( a 14 year old Boy Scout in the 1960s, I who asked him...), that, at the time, he was impressed with the program, but not with Hitler....

It’s possible, though perhaps unlikely, and it’s much less likely that there’s anyone who “knew” Hitler.He died just under 72 years ago. That means anyone who would even remember meeting him is likely to be at least around 80, while anyone who would have been in a position to know him - perhaps through working in one of his homes or offices - is likely to be 90 at the very, very least.I haven’t done extensive research into the demographics of Quora users, but from what I can glean quickly, the over-65s are pretty much the smallest group. Quora also does not seem to have many users from Germany (of course someone who had met Hitler might not have been German, or remained in Germany after the war, but there’s a pretty strong chance they were and did).This certainly doesn’t prove that there isn’t anyone on Quora who met - or even knew - Hitler, but it does suggest that the odds might not be favourable.Incidentally, this isn’t quite the same thing, but it always intrigues me how few steps it takes to reach back through the ages. For example, it’s perfectly possible for someone to be alive today whose grandfather knew Napoleon (all it takes is a couple of men to have fathered children at rather advanced ages, which is far from unknown).An acquaintance of mine recalls, at university in the 1940s, somebody questioning a pianist’s interpretation of some Beethoven music. The pianist replied that their teacher said that was how the piece should be played. When their interlocutor challenged whether the teacher was right, the pianist responded - “oh, but Beethoven told him to do it that way!”.Again, all it takes is the combination of old people and young people (in this case old teachers and young students, rather than old parents and newborn children).

I have a close friend who had an Uncle who once sat on Hitler's knee.  My friend is the son of German immigrants and his oldest Uncle was born in 1930 and served in the Hitler Youth during World War II.  Apparently, at some function in 1934 honoring the lower income rural workers (something Hitler really liked to do) this uncle was taken at the age of four and presented to the Fuhrer.  He has a very clear memory of sitting on Hitler's knee and being patted on the shoulder.  I met the Uncle once in the 1990s, he was a pretty nice guy.

Depends on how you see it - his delivery was engaging to the point of being terrifying, but even if you disregard the garbage and horror he spewed his oration in itself had big fault - he used false rhetoric extensively to make his points. This made him convincing, but more often than not terribly wrong and provably so. So if you judge a speaker by how well he delivers and comes across as convincing, yes, if you judge him by making his points correctly and verifiably then no.He was a fanatical orator that knew how to appeal to base opinion and rouse a crowd. His delivery was dramatic to say the least, but although he was extremely emotive (raising emotions) he wasn't very nuanced. If you look at it from a content level he used rhetorical errors extremely well to make his fallacious points. His most employed fallacies was Argument By Repetition (Argument Ad Nauseam), Argument By Half Truth (Suppressed Evidence), Argument By Generalization, Argument by Simplification, Appeal to the People, Reductive Fallacy, Genetic Fallacy, Appeal to Force and Vehemence, and False Generalisation. He used these like a master and made even the absurdest filth and horror sound plausible and correct by twisting it around.

Yes he was , one of the greatest or the greatest political speakers of modern times : so effective was hitler with his speeches , rallies and political views that he was quickly able to climb the ranks in the German national socialist German workers party later become leader , change the parties name to the Nazis party , manipulate the whole system and win majoirty seats in the Weimar Republic 1933 elections and become chancellor in 1933.

Yes, for the times, he was a great speaker. He studied it closely, knew how to build suspense and create impressive backdrops, knew how to start off quiet and end up louder, knew what the listeners wanted to hear, brought the crowd to an emotional pitch, usually had sympathetic listeners in the audience, practiced his speeches (see above photos), had speakers warm the crowd up, made the audience wait, etc., etc. They say that when Hitler spoke on the radio, the streets were deserted. It’s amazing how Hitler spoke as a victim, on behalf of Germany and how it was treated after WW1, which concealed his aggressive intent.When the war turned against Germany, Hitler spoke less. After his speech indicating the battle of Stalingrad was essentially won, in 1943, 1944 and 1945, Hitler gave only 2 or 3 speeches per year.

Yes, Adolf Hitler was a great public speaker and my sixth grade Social Studies(History) once made a power point of things Hitler promised the German people, but put them in classroom terms. One she had was Everone who came to this class after the school year had began would have to do the people who where in the class the whole times homwork. Most of the kids were saying how great that would be and then she said that Hitler made a similar proposal saying non-germans would be slaves to the “master race”. Hitler became chancellor by being very charismatic and promising to help Germany get out of The Great Depression.

