When the Dalai Lama dies, it is believed that he will immediately be reborn as a child. The old Dalai Lama may provide instructions before his death, and his advisors have various divinatory methods to seek out the new birth of the Dalai Lama (i.e., they do fortune telling, to put it in very simple terms). In this way, they come up with one or more candidates, who they test with questions about the old Dalai Lama's lives, and various of his possessions. TL;DR: he is not chosen, a committee finds the child he was reborn into, so essentially it's always the same guy.ETA: This is how many important teachers in Tibetan Buddhism are identified.Dalai Lama: I am the wisest man on the earth...Sheldon: Bazzinga rite??

It is part of our human job to figure out solutions to problems. If we just "embraced" anything and did nothing, we would be rocks, not humans. From this come most of our inventions: aprons, biros, nuclear bombs, glasses. The Dalai Lama wants to help you. Apparently, he feels that he can do so better with corrected vision. So he puts on glasses and continues getting around airports and temples. For you. The Dalai Lama wears glasses for you.

He wears glasses to correct his vision. There is no deeper reason. Your assumption that there must be something deeper going on misses the point. The Dalai Lama does not just embrace things as they are. He fights. He fights for your wellbeing. He fights for Tibetan independence. He fights for the survival of his culture. He fights for human rights throughout the world. The notion that Buddhists just sit back and accept everything as it is is incorrect. The trick is not to attach to the outcome.

If you asked this question to him, you would very probably get a very funny answer. He is quite chilled out and keeps making fun of himself. To answer the question though, I would say he wears glasses for the same reasons anyone else might -- comfort. nothing wrong with being comfortable.

This is a dumb question. I think we need to start pointing out when questions are not so swift so the questioners will think twice about posting them.This is like perhaps the opposite question, why did Pol Pot kill people who wore glasses, was there a deeper reason underlying that decision, than just stupidity.Is there a deeper reason beyond the fact that the Dali Lama is human and just happens to have a human limitation that many of us share, that causes us to have to wear glasses to see anything at all as we age, or natural distortions in our eyes that need correction.This very question the kind of place were things go wrong, because we are attributing some super human capability to him, when indeed the reason he is considered the good Pope is that he is just so naturally human.Attributing super human capacity, for instance infallibility, to cult leaders is always the beginning of the end. This is not to say he is a cult leader, but he is a very charismatic leader within his own branch of Tibetan Buddhism which is so well established historically that it could never be considered a cult. It is the living Buddhism. And the fact that it is a living religion right down from the Buddha himself in an unbroken chain, is what gives him the authority he has. The fact that these Tibetans were serious intellectuals who developed Buddhism, and preserved it in their language, and built their whole society and culture around it is even more amazing. Until the Chinese came and burned their books, turned their monks out of monasteries, and destroyed their temples in order to get the minerals that the temples were sitting on, they lived peacefully at the top of the world, thinking deep thoughts, meditating and achieving deep states of consciousness, and generally pursuing the heights that the human spirit can attain. Of course this is all mixed up with a lot of shamanism, and questionable practices, and politics, and all the normal human illusions and delusions that you can expect anywhere. But as we read their works, we can see that here is a tradition older than the Western tradition, with deeper books, and wiser humans, and humility despite the fact that they have looked down upon the world torn with war from their heights for so long. But eventually that would of war got to their country as well, because the Indo-European world view, destroyer of worlds, cannot stand to leave any portion of the world untouched and uncorrupted, and ultimately undestroyed.He obviously has wisdom. Unlike some other Popes who claim infallibility we could name who may be indicted for covering up years, perhaps centuries of child molestation as many priests have been in that religion. And who want to keep Europe pure by not allowing Turkey to be part of the European union. We always will wonder if he learned that idea of European racial purity at a Nazi youth camp. Turkey is just so lucky right now that they never made it into the European union, since it is on the verge of collapse.So far we have not heard of any systematic child molestation and its cover up by Buddhist Monks. That difference is one which we should take seriously. It is a moral difference. It is nothing to do with the transcendental but is purely immanent, purely human.But what will be the outcome of the Tibetan Monk Refugees coming to the West? I look for profound changes as purely Nondual ways of seeing things encounters the profound dualism or monism of the Western worldview, which was so shaped by Catholicism, and other forms of Christianity. The intelligentsia has given up on Christianity and many have turned to Tibetan Buddhism because of its primal authenticity. It has everything we desire in the nihilistic marketplace for enlightenment, Shamanism, Spirituality, Intellectually deep analysis of existence, strange ceremonies even more bizar than those of the Catholic church. Yet because they are organized and have a Pope of their own there is still some recognition of the structure of their community which is like Catholicism. It is a Catholicism without the Inquisition. Did we mention that the current Pope of the Catholic church was the head of the living inquisition, prior to being elected Pope. Yes the Inquisition is still going on as far as the Catholic church is concerned. It still has that office within its bureaucracy. Tibetan religion is all the new age could have hoped for and more. And the best thing is that we get to see what happens when Nonduality confronts Dualism first hand. And we can only hope that out of that confrontation, we become more human finally. And perhaps we can get rid of the office of the Inquisition for good which symbolizes all that is evil in our worldview.

When the Dalai Lama dies, it is believed that he will immediately be reborn as a child. The old Dalai Lama may provide instructions before his death, and his advisors have various divinatory methods to seek out the new birth of the Dalai Lama (i.e., they do fortune telling, to put it in very simple terms). In this way, they come up with one or more candidates, who they test with questions about the old Dalai Lama's lives, and various of his possessions. TL;DR: he is not chosen, a committee finds the child he was reborn into, so essentially it's always the same guy.ETA: This is how many important teachers in Tibetan Buddhism are identified.

Dalai Lama: I am the wisest man on the earth...Sheldon: Bazzinga rite??

Actually, China doesn't throw a temper-tantrum.  They run the standard press release.  As far as whether or not China should just not throw out the standard press release, this would be a bad idea because, if you don't express the fact that X annoys you, people will start to assume that X doesn't annoy you and they press the issue further.  If China doesn't object to the US government meeting with the Dalai Lama, then the next set of meetings will be with higher level officials in the Tibetan exile community.Also, there are some back channel communications between the Chinese government and the Dalai Lama and through him to the Tibetan exile community.  If the Chinese government "ignores" the Dalai Lama then they is no communications channel at all with Tibetan exiles and that would be generally a bad thing.

Various governments give him partial recognition as if he were a national leader.He was an open secessionists until the USA made peace with China. He then said he only wanted autonomy, but set impossible terms.And he’s a fool, like most previous Dalai Lamas.See The Strange History of the Dalai Lamas.

Just to avoid potential confusion, please note that I'm speaking from a real-politik point of view, as I am personally not a fan of justifying territory claims using history or cultural traditions. Transfer of national territory is a violent undertaking, and it happens all the time. Real legitimacy dwells and only dwells within recognition and support from the governed populace (though it could be trampled on of course). Now I'll turn to the Dalai Lama discussion:The Chinese government does not ignore Dalai Lama (more precisely the Tibetan Government in Exile) because it has the responsibility not to. Dalai Lama, despite the peaceful intention and teachings of his, is the embodiment of an active, separatist national revival movement that has considerable funding and international recognition and support. Given the lack of material action, the territory implied is equal to 1/4 of Chinese's landmass and if ceded, would fundamentally undermine the Chinese national identity as laid out by the ruling Communist government since 1950's.I don't know how you think, but it looks to me that if the Government in Exile successfully instituted Tibetan independence to whatever extent on Chinese soil, that'll be quite a blow to the Chinese government both externally and internally. The right to rule will be shaken and competitiveness of the Communist government would be called into question.In other words, as a major government keen on protecting its right to rule and national interest, the Chinese government should be expected to utilize its resources (diplomatic, economic, military[?]) to work, in public knowledge and secretly, domestic and abroad, to undermine the Tibetan Government in Exile from a variety of angles ranging from intelligence gathering, infiltration, surveillance, defamation (smear campaign), propaganda, disruption and sabotage (e.g. of funding sources, freezing bank accounts, office sabotage), or even physical attacks such as abduction and extermination. As an outsider, of course, I cannot speak to the actual range of actions adopted and operational rules of engagement as set by China's intelligence agency, but I suspect much of the above options are live as of now, especially non-violent ones.Also, I suspect the Tibetan Government in Exile to have some of their own programs covering the above areas, especially on the propaganda front. However, due to the Govt. in Exile's constrained resources I do not think they have that much of an operational capacity, and CIA collaboration at a 1950's level is highly unlikely in today's context.

I think they just send out the same press release each time. There is little reason to change course and get asked why you are changing course.China's official protest does not significantly add or subtract from the Dalai Lama's threat to China, which is now nearly zero.

