The United States Pro-Life movement is absolutely entirely anti-women. It goes far beyond abortion, the movement is primarily driven by deeply conservative religious groups who are trying to apply their morality to everyone. If you chose to use their label to describe yourself and support their cause you should just accept that feminists will view you that way.You describe yourself as a liberal and I think you really don't want to be anti-women. The best way to do that is stop calling yourself pro-life and stop supporting the pro-life movement. The people driving that bus are as conservative as they come. When you get on that bus you're all going to the same place.Supporting the re-criminalization of abortion is a profoundly anti-woman position. It will not prevent women from seeking abortions, it will just drive the practice back underground. Out of desperation women will risk horrible complications and death on dangerously unsafe back alley abortions instead of having the procedure done in by a doctor in a proper medical facility.  It disgusts me that a movement that supports criminalizing abortions can call itself pro-life when their success would mean a vast increase of suffering and death.If you truly want to promote life and reduce the number of abortions that happen in this world work to support causes which seek to eliminate the reasons why many women seek abortions like poverty, abuse, and lack of education or opportunity.Supporting a woman's right to self determination of her body is not supporting the act of abortion.  I am personally horrified by abortion, I would love to live in a world where no woman would ever feel the need to seek one.  Unfortunately that's nothing but a utopian fantasy.  Before I became sexually active for the first time I made a serious decision, one that I will always hold true. If I ever impregnate a partner, I will do whatever is necessary to ensure that she will not need to seek an abortion on my account. I would not want my child aborted, and any action I could take to support that child and the mother that would enable her to keep the child and support it would be what I would do.This has always been tempered with the fact that it is ultimately not up to me, I have no say beyond my dedication of support. For the good of all women that is the way it needs to be.

In some ways, being against abortion is pro-women. Although the Democrat Party keeps going on about making it 'safe, legal and rare', the only part of this they're doing well at is the 'legal' bit.Abortion is not a 'safe' operation; in some ways, no operation is. But, it seems, the loudest voices that are 'pro-abortion' are against making it easy for women to know the information about the risks involved with even the best carried out abortions. One is that it can (note, I am not saying it will) leave a woman infertile. This is often dismissed as a 'scare tactic', but pretending it doesn't happen is not 'pro-women' - and if something is a real risk, shouldn't information about it be promoted rather than dismissed.And another thing is the whole issue of sex selective abortions. Again, not very common, but they do happen; and when they do, it is primarily girls who get aborted. Also not very 'pro-women'. Both of these factors are things which are rarely mentioned by 'pro-abortion' proclaimers. In the case of sex selection, it is possible that there is a degree of coercion from males, which would seem to act against who whole idea of it being a woman's choice. How often do those proclaiming abortion as an 'inalienable right' talk about sex selection and the need to support women who may have pressure on them to have abortions they don't really want? This is a genuine question, as I never hear being talked about in this way by politicians, but I know there are strong supporters of abortion as a right who are against sex selective abortion and say so.

The pro-life "movement" generally determines that a foetus, no matter which stage of development it is in, is more important than the rights of women to have control over their own bodies. The foetus should be protected at all costs. Don't fool yourself: the costs, and risks, are borne by pregnant women, nobody else.This is considered anti-woman because it treats a woman as a baby-factory object first, and as an autonomous human-being second.If that is what you believe—that a woman should be forced to carry a foetus to term—then I'd say you are anti-woman in this particular instance. If, however, you would only discourage abortion, or encourage behaviour that would render it mute in the first place, like using prophylaxis (your edit to the question details suggest this), then I wouldn't call you anti-woman, though I wouldn't call that "staunchly" pro-life either.

What you want to do with your own body is your freedom. If you don't want to have an abortion, don't have an abortion. What you want to believe is also your freedom. Just don't impose your religious belief on to other people. If that's what you believe, I don't think you're anti-women.

This is a very common misconception which has been discussed many times before.Today I arrived at work at 8:47:15. I could have come any time between 8:40 and 9:00, but exactly that time worked out. The probability of exactly this scenario happening is, therefore, 1/1200. Wow! So, the probability of me appearing at work is below 0.1%! This is a true miracle I'm here hight now, it shouldn't have happened! Ridiculous, isn't it? There is a very tiny probability of exactly this chain of events happening. There is, however, a huge number of different chains of events leading to similar outcomes. Probability of at least one of the outcomes of certain quality happening is not that negligible any more.

Sadly, the question is part false assumption,  part arrant nonsense. However, the answer to any probability based question on this subject is this: it only had to happen once, in an infinite universe, for us to be here.So, no, it clearly isn't impossible, and it doesn't matter how improbable it is.

The number you describe, 1000 factorial, has a mere 2568 digits. 1/1000!, the number you say are the chances of life existing, is incredibly far from 0. In fact, 1/the highest number you can imagine, and then some, is still amazingly far from 0.Take this, for example:The limit of 1/n as n goes to infinity is 0. That means that it will take an infinitely long "chain" (as you call it) to reach 0.Where it is that you even got that number or idea is not clear, but it seems to be mostly guesswork.

Science adjusts it's views based on what's observed.Faith is the denial of observation so that Belief can be preserved. Science is a practice, much like faith is a practice, only science works all the time. You may not even realize that what you are doing is science when you observe that leaving your third floor apartment via the front door is more logical than leaving via the balcony. Science is not wrong. There is good science and then there is science done improperly.If I have to make a judgment to trust an answer given to me by an educated man or woman who has spent his/her entire lives studying and perfecting this particular answer and all of his/her colleagues and critics (for decades) cannot find a significant feasible argument against it, then I will consider what he or she has to say as having weight. It "holds more water" than some dude on the internet using sensationalism to make a point, rather than showing me empirical evidence to his claim. Show me the evidence under reasonable circumstances and I will perhaps revisit this topic with less skepticism.My criticisms of this topic are...A) John does not address exactly what facet of how we came to life is under scrutiny. The claim is vague and ambiguous.B) John's math is wrong. Seriously, he needs to take some basic calculus. That is if whatever religious academy where he's been taught may not teach biology as it is accepted in every other country still teaches calculus.C) What does the Big Bang have to do with organic chemistry and evolution? Exactly what are you confronting, John? What is a "Chain of Life?" Where did you learn such a thing? Be clear and concise in your answer.

I have not had any kind of personal experience with something like this. No one I know is such a bad mother. But then again, I don't know everyone in the world.It wouldn't be a stretch to imagine there are women (and men) everywhere who genuinely want to get rid of their children. Such instances have been covered in the news as well.Mikaeel Kular killing: Mother jailed for 11 years for killing son and hiding body in suitcaseThere have been many other cases, and definitely more brutal ones.In India, I'm sure there have been plenty more incidents of either parent killing their child in a drunken stupor, out of pure, unadulterated anger, or otherwise. In fact, I'm sure most cases of this nature are not even reported and the bodies of the deceased children never see the light of the day again.There is a murder case going on which garnered a lot of media coverage and had the whole nation interested.Noida double murder caseThe parents have been sentenced to life imprisonment but it looks like they are challenging the ruling in the Allahabad High Court citing lack of evidence for their conviction.

Susan Smith, she mercilessly drowned her sons because her boyfriend didn't want children.Woman Returns Son To Russia.  This woman adopted a Russian son.  He didn't meet her expectations, so she returned him as though he were a defective toy, that she could exchange in Toy R US. Mom in child-porn ring sentenced to 60 years.   This woman forced her children to participate in Child Pornography for extra money.These are just the ones we know about.

Thanks for A2A,Mostly ideas of the movie comes from the lives of the human being, these stories could be from our neighbourhood also... except for the what you see on the screen is a exaggerated version of the true story, for the fact I don’t blame them for them it’s the Business they are ought to show that thing which will attract public to theatres.. So coming to point yah, there are some examples for the bad moms who just don’t hurt the children as they show in the movie but they go beyond that…. Here are some stories that pasted a never fainting stain on the sanctity of motherhood.Mother who 'sold her two daughters, ages five and six, to a pedophile for $30,000' caught after two years on the runSource : Mother who sold her two daughters to a pedophile for $30,000 caught after two years on the run Colombian accused of selling virginity of 12 daughters…Source : Colombian accused of selling virginity of 12 daughtersHere are some more horrifying stories which I can’t include all in my answer but here is the link where you can find more Mother Sold Daughter: Latest News, Photos, Videos on Mother Sold Daughter - NDTV.COM, There are many cases women scarifying their children for the sake of ‘Black Magic’,  here in India most of the human trafficking is done with either consent of the parents or by deceiving them, there are many cases where are mothers allegedly found as a helping hand to traffickers.In most of the stories mothers committed above crimes it may because of poverty / under the impression of superstition / to fetch their own thirst of opiates / accidental births in the case of premarital sex nothing can justify a kill / sell or any other kind of oppression of innocent children, so yes 'There are bad moms in real life also as shown in  the reel life.’

I would have to go with the mother figures in The Girl Next Door (2007 film).  It is based on real events, and Stephen King described it as the scariest movie he had seen in 25 years.  I will warn you, however, that this movie is not for the faint-hearted.  There were more than a few parts during which I had to avert my eyes from the scene - this movie captures evil in a way I had never seen before.  It might make you weep, but it will definitely make you shudder.

It's an interesting judgment to make on someone else. What is lazy? Is it a lack of physical activity? If so, then is someone who works 14-hour days considered lazy because their work is at a computer all day long?Conversely, could someone who is physically active but unwilling to challenge themselves mentally be considered lazy? Personally, I don't think most people spend enough time thinking. We think we're supposed to be doing something "productive" every minute of the day. But time spent on thinking, reflecting, musing or just letting the day's inputs percolate... that isn't valued, and I feel it should be. Does doing that making me lazy?

Lazy is a shame term used for a variety of issues. It commonly is an attempt to motivate someone into doing something an authority figure wants. When rebellion is used long enough it can be reinforced into a style in which when the other authority becomes our inner authority, we can rebel against it too. People like to do what they want when they want. Our modern times pushes scarcity and that includes time. So there is an unrelenting push to do it now. When  people can, they are oppositional to that insult. When children are bored, they work very hard at creating things. When that has been nurtured, that keeps getting more complex. If they are forced over and over, whenever they get the chance for down time, they tend to take it. On the other hand are the kids who were forced into compliance very early and it was unrelenting. Performance became the mode of operation. When they get older, they can't sit down and relax. They are driven. And that is the right word. Driven to keep performing for themselves and then drive others to do the the same. They think humans have value only if they perform like they had to with their original care givers. They try to shame others into operating for their now invisible God. And by the way, this is the breakout for theory X and theory Y management process. 

Everywhere you ccan find few lazy ppeople. A lot oof rreasons behind the laziness. Here are some examples that can explain this phenomenon in more details:1) Laziness and loss of hope: Sarah lost hope in losing weight two years. Because she tried every possible way to lose weight she just came to the conclusion that she will stay obese for the rest of her life. Because this fact might have sent her into severe depression her mind played a brilliant trick. Why not convince her that she is lazy instead of letting her believe that she has no hope?2) Laziness and fear: Sam Always wanted to start a business but he was so terrified of failure. The last thing he wanted to happen is to let anyone believe that he failed and as a result his subconscious mind made him lazy just to help him escape from failure without feeling guilty3) Laziness and helplessnessAll human beings have problems that they need to deal with but some people don't know exactly what they should do in order to solve their problems. Some people admit this fact and try to find solutions while others deny it. As you might have already guessed one popular method of denial is becoming lazy.Laziness and courageThe previous examples covered only three cases of laziness but even if i gave you more examples the concept will be the same. When your subconscious mind realizes that you are about to admit a fact that will affect your well being it might choose to hide the fact from you using laziness or any other escapement mechanism.If you believe all of your life problems are under control then don't worry if you are lazy, But if you are unhappy with your life or unsatisfied with what you have then you must understand that your laziness is no more than an escapement method.Getting over laziness in such a case can only be done when you develop the courage to face your problems. In my book, The ultimate guide to getting over depression i said that real happiness cannot be found before you meet your important unmet goals.And since escapement only delays the achievement of your goals it can never lead to happiness. Be Brave, don't be lazy.

In my opinion, laziness, which I consider as meaning a conscious desire to avoid doing some thing,is more due to mental fatigue and fear of owning up responsibility for one's own ideas/ actions, rather than from any aversion to some physical or mental activity. If you have some ideas/ do something,there is always the possibility of having to face adverse comments/ criticism,and even some unpleasant consequences. On the other  hand,If you do not do anything, there is no fear of any adverse comments/ reactions. So laziness, intended or pretended, becomes a clever cover for remaining within one's secure comfort zone.

It is  utterly the worst situation Venezuelans have dealt in recent history. But that in any way redeem Chavez from the tortuous country he left. His policy economically and socially were completely funded by oil money and never developed a real and productive industry in the country nor even helped the already established industries to grow. Instead of that, he created this state of reliance to foreign products paid by the oil industry. The oil price went suddenly down and the national budget, which is determined using the oil barrel price as reference, was completely harmed. The price went from 120$/barrel to an average of 36$/barrel; and again, with no productive industry, the country is currently in a state of default where food and basic goods shortage has increased exponentially.  So Venezuela after Chavez is dealing with the worst crisis in the continent but this is completely due to Chavez politics. Just to make an easy example to illustrate Venezuela's current situation, imagine you receive 10,000$/month for free and since you've had those 10,000$/month for a long time you stop worrying about making more money and focus to change your lifestyle that includes give away money to friends, getting monthly useless services like TV and music streaming, giving clothes to your children every month and not teaching them anything about hard work, eat only take out, have parties to invite friends and show them how good you are, if your wife/husband used to work you make him/her stop because you have more than enough, if you had a company you just simply stop taking care of it because you have enough money to live, you start traveling everywhere just to make friends and show them how good you are, splurge in any desire comes into your mind, if something is suddenly broken at home you just simply replace it without investing on repairs. All of this make you spend a little bit more than what you receive so you start using your savings, because after all you are rich and you want everybody to believe that. Suddenly the money comes to 3000$/month and you die. Your wife/husband has to deal with payments, unhappy kids,  not able to make more because after all you destroyed his/her means of income. everybody demands the promised payments, your kids demand food, clothes, the life you gave them but he or she simply doesn't have the money nor the means to make it. and to top everything this wife/husband acts as stupid or even worse than you ever did. So who is to blame, you? the kids? your wife/husband? That's Venezuela after Chavez. 

Venezuela is currently its worse moment in recent history. 2015 had the highest inflation in the countries history. It has the highest crime statistics in the whole world Caracas being the murder capital of the world. Most basic food and products are scarce people lining up for hours to buy the most basic of products. The current government is liable for not having taken a single significant decision in three years. It's almost as if there was no government whatsoever having what is seemingly more of an anarchy than a government. However it's not like things were better with Chavez everything that is happening now started with his government and because of his policies. As I stated before this government has taken no decisions in three years.  In short YES things are A LOT worse now than with Chavez.  However I don't believe that if he were alive things would be much different since the current president has not changed any of his policies. Note For all deluded socialist non Venezuelan Quorans out there. I don't care If things are worse now because of the CIA, economic warfare, a global Zionist conspiracy carried out by Mossad and the Illuminati or... Insert here your favorite excuse because the Venezuelan government dared touch global capitalist interests and re nationalize the country's resources. All I care is that the current situation is very sad. I want to live in an at least semi normal country with a functioning economy and a functioning government. Not in a sad Latin American version of the Wild West where everyone is left to fend for themselves and survive. The country is bankrupt and no one in power has the guts to aknowledge the situation and at least try to do something more than blaming the CIA, global capitalist interests, the Colombian paramilitary, El Niño, Mossad, Zionists, the Illuminati, etc... for EVERYTHING that is happening.  

There is a false assumption in the question. Venezuela is not in a Post-Chávez era yet... President Maduro is a continuation of President Chávez' policies and the current political/financial situation  is the logical outcome of the confiscations, nationalisations, corruption and unsustainable redistribution policies he put the country through. It is his legacy. Unfortunately, worse times are coming as Venezuela is sinking further into debt while its private sector is being destroyed to the very core and the population is becoming more reliant on government programs for survival. So the coming "adjustments" are going to be extremely painful for the vast majority of the population. That will be the post-Chávez era...

It's better in one aspect: that Chavez died. Simply not having him around gave Venezuela an opportunity to regain some law and order by at least having the opposition win the congressional elections. It also gave many  in the country a breath of fresh air. So psychologically it's better off. There is a huge difference in seeing Nicolas Maduro make a fool of himself on TV, knowing that he won't last long, than watching Hugo Chavez and knowing that he planned to be in power forever. Venezuelans see a distant light at the end of the tunnel, though very distant. However, Venezuela's standard of living (your true question) is much worse because Chavez died right when oil prices were starting to go down, so the economic ruin he brought to the country is now showing its true consequences. Venezuela is broke, collapsed (goods and services), and still run by thugs.

