There is a current one in Mexico City. It is a collaboration between Warner and MUMEDI. They are celebrating the 75 year anniversary.It should be opened until the 8th of October. According to Warner, all the pieces are going to be put on auction for charity.There was also one in ComiCon:  Cape Cowl Create.

STORYLINE: This is one of several armor suit variant from Batman’s post-52 era.SUIT ABILITIES: Bullet-proof, can punch a hole in a car. Can break / punch a hole in solid objects made of metal, concrete, wood etc in a single punch.This suit bears an odd looking Bat-emblem that glows a phosphorescent red, as do the suits eye hole overlays. Looking something like a mix of Iron Man and a G1 Constructicon from the Transformers the suit provides protection from bullets, knives etc and is more mobile/athletic than some heavy armor variants.Website:https://numberonebatfan.wordpres...

It’s from Batman vs Predator

Bruce Wayne, the Batman.  Take a look at what the Batman does.  He is a normal human being out for revenge against the crime in Gotham City.  Despite all the training he went through, and the knowledge he gained; he's always risking his life to stop crime in the city, and he doesn't even take care to hide his identity assiduously.If the Bat were to stop fighting crime in the city, the Joker would die of boredom.  Batman is the reason why the Joker exists to create crime and havoc.  He always knows that the Batman would show up to defeat him.  The Joker would have to move to Metropolis to have any kind of fun from someone he doesn't like (Superman).  So, Batman's archnemesis is himself.  If someone wrote a story on where he figures this out, it would also be the last and final issue of Batman.Then someone would have to start the whole thing all over again.

archnemesis is someone who is similar power but has different ideology...I would go with "two face" on that one...Reference:arch-nemesis

To be totally realistic, it would be The Joker. Although Batman can easily take down The Joker in a fight, he is still mentally meeting his match. The Joker has won numerous times in the past and has psychologically "messed" with Batman on many occasions (shooting Barbara Gordon, previously Batgirl, in the spine resorting her to become a paraplegic etc).

Probably The Joker but I'd  really like to have Hush in the very top of that list. The long history between Hush and B-man and the fact that Hush have a rare insight into who's behind the cowl of Batman makes him a strong candidate. He's also extremely much alike Bruce Wayne and sort of what Bruce could have become if he'd taken the wrong path.

