Honestly, it’s not justifiable for me to answer this question in an effective answer and most of my knowledge regarding the episode between these two great scientists is on the basis of a recent TV show titled “Genius” and this article(When science gets ugly – the story of Philipp Lenard and Albert Einstein) which I read a few days ago. So, I would leave it finally upon you, the reader itself to decide whether Lenard’s criticism of Einstein and his works could be labelled as jealousy or not.Here are the excerpts from the article mentioned above:Scientists are not always as scientific as many suppose. Recent well-publicized cases of scientific fraud prove that scientists can be as susceptible to the allures of wealth, power and fame as politicians, the group that enjoys the lowest public trust. Glaring recent cases have included falsified results in the development of an HIV vaccine and new techniques for producing stem cells.Such breaches prove that scientists do not always base their work strictly on rigorous experimentation, data collection and analysis, and hypothesis testing. In fact, scientists frequently disagree with one another, both as individuals and as representatives of competing schools of thought. Some of these debates rage on for years. Superstring theory, sometimes called the “theory of everything,” has been a topic of vigorous contention for over 30 years.In some cases, personalities, prejudices and petty jealousies enter the picture. Consider, for example, one of the great disputes of 20th-century physics, the long-running feud between two world-renowned physicists. The antagonism between Philipp Lenard and Albert Einstein sheds considerable light on the power of nonscientific concerns to sway scientists.Philipp Lenard was a German experimental physicist and investigator whose work led to numerous advancements in the study of X-Ray tubes, the photoelectric effect and the atomic theory. Lenard was considered a genius when it came to devising careful experiments and a warm believer of the fact that the true nature of the Universe can only be known through careful experimentation. Lenard was also conferred with Noble for Physics in 1905 for his work on cathode ray tubes.Considered as one of the greatest physicists of all time, Albert Einstein, was primarily a theoretical physicist whose work on theory of relativity, energy-mass equivalence and the photoelectric effect have revolutionized the way in which we perceive the structure of the Universe. Amazingly, Einstein made most of his seminal contributions not while running a prestigious laboratory at a prestigious institute but while working as a low level Swiss patent clerk. Einstein too was conferred with Noble for in 1921 for his explanation of the photoelectric effect whose results were in fact based on the experiments conducted by Philip Lenard.Initially, the relationship between Lenard and Einstein seems to have been cordial. Their correspondence suggests that each held the other in high admiration. When Einstein published his quantum theory explaining the photoelectric effect, Lenard wrote to him, “Nothing can make me happier than a thinker of great depth and scope deriving some pleasure from my work.” Einstein, in turn, referred to Lenard as “a great master and genius.”But as detailed in a recent book,The Man Who Stalked Einstein, their relationship soon deteriorated. In a letter to a friend a few years later, Einstein expressed a quite different view of Lenard, who was then regarded by many as the most celebrated physicist in Germany:“His theories on the ether seem to me almost infantile, and some of his investigations border on the ludicrous. I am very sorry that you must waste your time with such stupidities.”Lenard, meanwhile, was soon swept along in a wave of German nationalism that accompanied World War I. He became increasingly convinced of the existence of a distinctively German physics that needed to be defended against the plagiarized or frankly fabricated work emanating from other countries. Lenard also became more and more mired in Antisemitism, accusing the “Jewish press” of, among other things, promoting Einstein’s dangerous work on relativity.In 1920, just a year before Einstein won the Nobel Prize, the debate between Lenard and Einstein erupted into a duel of words at a major German research conference.Lenard argued that Einstein’s hyper-theoretical and hyper-mathematical approach to physics was exerting a pernicious influence in the field. The time had come, he argued, to restore experimental-ism to its proper place. He also launched a malicious attack on Einstein, making little attempt to conceal his antipathy toward Jews.Lenard’s attacks on Einstein became increasingly vitriolic. He compared theoretical physicists to Cubist painters, who in his view were “unable to paint decently.” He lamented the fact that a “Jewish spirit” had come to rule over physics. Of Einstein himself, whose ideas had been accepted by many of the most prominent physicists around the world, Lenard opined, “Just because a goat is born in a stable does not make him a noble thoroughbred.”Einstein initially attempted to respond to Lenard’s attacks on his theory of relativity with humor:“When you are courting a nice girl, an hour seems like a second, but when you sit on a red-hot cinder, a second seems like an hour. That’s relativity.”Later, he abandoned all pretense of patience and tolerance, labeling Lenard “a really twisted fellow” who must continue “to do business with the monster until he bites the dust.”Lenard’s conviction that science, “like everything else man produces,” was somehow grounded in bloodlines led him to become one of the early adherents of National Socialism. Unlike many German scientists who regarded Adolf Hitler with disdain, Lenard was one of his most fervent supporters, and became the regime’s number one physics authority. Ironically, the National Socialists’ disdain for “Jewish physics” was one of the main reasons they did not develop nuclear weapons.Lenard eventually became “Chief of Aryan Physics” under the Nazi regime. In 1933, he published a book called Great Men in Science, which omitted all mention of Einstein, Roentgen and such other notable 20th-century scientists as Marie Curie. When World War II ended, Lenard’s prominent role in the Nazi regime led to his arrest, but he was quite advanced in years. Instead of being sentenced to prison, he was sent to live in a small German village, where he died at age 83.The story of Philipp Lenard reminds us that even scientists of the very highest caliber sometimes think, speak and act in utterly unscientific ways, swayed by prejudices that have no scientific basis. They are human beings too, and members of the general public need to be careful to distinguish between a scientist whose arguments are based in evidence and one whose pronouncements stem from other, less reliable sources of conviction.Hope this answers your question!!Cheers!!!Source: When science gets ugly – the story of Philipp Lenard and Albert Einstein

Both Einstein and Lenard were no doubt genius. Initially both of them even admired each other. Lenard was exceptionally well in proving things experimentally, example is his work on cathode tubes. But Einstein was rather quite good in answering things theoritically with complex mathematics. This was a plus point for Einstein as he was able to devise the theories of relativity in his way.This success of Einstein made Lenard jealous of Einstein and he started criticising scientists who proved things theoretically.

I don’t care for the oversexualization prolific throughout the entirety of television programs. That being said, I knew right away that if the series had THAT much sex in it; then there must be a pervasive, ample distribution of really hot and juicy informative and mathematical content if they are preparing for people to be so bored by it that only copious quantities of coitus will attract and retain a viewer audience. Sex to me is what laugh tracks are to Richard Muller. (Although I hate laugh tracks just as much)To that extent, I haven’t seen anything particularly more informative than your average Through The Wormhole episode. Thus endeth the rants.The filmography is extraordinary in that the viewer is forced to view the world from Einstein’s perspective subconsciously. This is accomplished by subtly inverting the focal point, from Einstein’s first person view, to reflect his thought process. When the world is portrayed from Einstein’s point of view, the background is the dominant focal point, while the ordinal object of interest becomes of tertiary concern.From what I would imagine, the absent-minded professor isn’t realistic unless that professor lacks confidence in what (s)he knows, or takes longer to rationalize the external world internally than (s)he can process external stimuli. If the reverse is true, the former statement still holds; but I digress.I imagine the mind of a genius to be an equal distribution of internal and external focus; as one of the characteristics of genius is intellectual balance. On average, stimuli can be rationalized as fast as it can be absorbed; so any stimuli that cannot be rationalized immediately is justified by means of storing the information until enough input/rationalization from external stimuli or internal reasoning produces a rational argument carrying some degree of certainty until superseded.The majority of us, I believe, will either forget something if we don’t understand it, learn to hate it, or invent an argument from ignorance and call it fact; thus setting our minds at ease. I believe that a genius would not be capable of doing this.People comprise a small part of the external world, but certainly not the majority of it’s components. A genius’ internal world must then reflect this ratio if seeing the world for what it is is a requirement of genius from my uneducated (literally) guesstimations.A “What Would Einstein Do?” opinion of what makes the time investment worth a pictorial depiction of a history I have read many times over; and can read in 1/10′th the time that I can watch the same information, is not my adopted benchmark for entertainment value.I already know what he saw, what he wrote, what he redacted; His works, thought problems, equations and hunches. My benchmark then for entertainment value isn’t what he did or what he wrote;It’s “How did Einstein rationalize his emotions as well as his thoughts?” It isn’t really that the show portrays what made him different than ordinary people, in my opinion. It’s how it portrays the fact that you can be as far from human as you like, and still be just like everyone else.What I take from it is a realization that a unique individual isn’t unique because that person is special; rather, than what makes a person special ,“Talented, Genius, blah” , uniquity is how you’ve chosen to be special and what you’ve believed that you can and cannot do with that. I’ve always believed that we’re all given the choice to be a unique individual or an animated character, but that’s just me. Lots to infer here~People seem to present the same learning opportunity as the external world for a genius. While all people are lessons, there is much more going on in the world than just us. This isn’t to say they view us as less important, it’s that they view us as we are, which devalues people for those of us who elevate us above reality.When the balance is upset, he seems to either view people as fleeting distractions or as echoes of his internal justifications and rationalizations.When neither of these logical dichotomies are options, that is what I find to be incredibly interesting. How does a genius tolerate the illogical, especially if it is s(he) exuding said property? What does (s)he do when emotion overtakes magnetic North?His willingness to share the exciting world around him before the thought is lost also introduces a subtle human element to the character, whether or not this was their intention. Turns out, geniuses forget things.But geniuses also are passionate about things they believe will matter to the closest person, choosing to believe that if they only knew, then they could appreciate “insert blah” beautiful thing; failing to acknowledge (not realize) that time and again, even when they do fully know, they still won’t care.Geniuses ignore the obvious truth and justify the nearest lay-person’s apathy as a result of a poor explanation and thus; refining the argument will delight anyone. They do this because they can merely justify, rather than rationalize the notion that not everybody has the same concept of fundamental beauty. They know this as a fact more solid than we can, and yet, ignore it because they are human all the same. I know what genius does, and looks like.What I want to know, is what Genius truly embodies; as a verb, an adjective, and as a noun produced by a name.I look forward to the coming episodes, and if it turns into some kind of thinly veiled intellectual Game of Thrones analog; Rick &amp; Morty Season 3 is on its way. If Genius is good, my writing’s gonna suffer this summer following not 1, but 2 TV shows.

I am enjoying it. It does skip around quite a bit from his early life to his latter life. It might be difficult to follow unless you have already read Walter Isaacson’s biography of Einstein. The book is better than the TV show - that is usually the case, though. I will keep watching it. It’s about Einstein, after all.

Have been watching it for some time now, episode 7 aired yesterday and it's just great.The series shows human side of Einstein not just his theories or brilliance which has been highlighted multiple times in various documentaries. There are various historical characters as well like max planck, fritz haber, philip lenard, marie curie among others. So a really great show.

