he's not going to be on Survivor. Cliff Robinson, NBA, talked to Kim about what is was like when HE was on survivor. Do you really think Mark Burnett or the network would have Kim on their show?, especially after he just executed 13 people for trying to leave the country and makes constant threats about attacking the US?

The most idiotic quiff in the world? It's a pretty strange style like a  quiff but really square and stiff. If you want to get the hairstyle then I would rethink it a bit cause you don't want to get into that quickly.

There's very little indication that Kim Jong-un is gay, though I wouldn't be surprised if he turned out to be asexual. He is married and has a daughter, though one can only speculate what this marriage is like behind closed doors (very formal, I would say, but again, it's just a guess).There are some indications that Kim Jong-un's older brother Kim Jong-chul is gay, or at the very least very effeminate. His supposed lack of manliness was apparently one of the reasons why Kim Jong-il passed over Kim Jong-chul and picked Kim Jong-un as his successor.

Considering that we know very little about Kim Jong-un, and North Korea as a whole, there has been nothing so far released that indicates he is homosexual.In fact, he has a wife, Ri Sol-ju, and a daughter, Kim Ju-ae, but this is a fairly bad indication of his sexuality. There have been many homosexual and bisexual men who have been married and had children, and who remain in their marriage. We do not know the circumstances of the marriage between Kim Jong-un and Ri Sol-ju, so it could very well be legitimate or for show. Obviously, a homosexual North Korean leader would be a pretty big shock and, due to the negative connotations associated with being gay, it’s likely he would, if he is actually gay, construct for himself a character which appears straight, to seem more “masculine” and to be taken more seriously. Not only that but North Korea is incredibly conservative in regards to sexuality, it believes that everyone should be heterosexual.A homosexual Kim Jong-un would no doubt become the ridicule of the West but then his sexuality shouldn’t matter, as it shouldn’t in relation to everyone. What he is doing to his own people should however matter.

His oldest brother is but there hasn't been any incinuation that he is, the one obsessed with Eric Clapton.Kim Jung-un is married. I would be surprised if that allegation ever surfaced.

There is no real way to tell.Very little is known about the North Korean dictator. Since we have very little access to him, his history is often heavily edited to leave the truth out, and the fact that much of the information that we have on him comes from defectors, and much of that is questionable, due to their often limited access. So, one can never rule it out as a possibility, but the simple answer is, "Who knows?" There's no way to tell with any degree of accuracy. 

Nobody knows. All these stories about what kind of kid he was at school are worthless - his position is guaranteed to change him. He is paranoid - there is no way he can avoid that. The actual power is in hand of military and special services that are not his appointees. His name has good propaganda value, but don't expect people on the top of the power pyramid really believe in the divine right of the Kim family. If the cards are played not his way, he could be murdered, then a few hundred "American spies" will be executed for his murder, then new scion be appointed. Several reviewers suggested that he would prefer more civilized North Korea and more civilized life. I would go further and suggest that he may want to swap his position of absolute power to absolutely secure couple of billions in a Swiss bank and a EU passport - however it is not in his power to execute such a swap.It is bizarre that ideological influence of what is happening in China is ignored. Korea should be experiencing change of its top brass, and one can expect the new generation of leaders to look at what is happening in China with deep envy - how top positions in Party hierarchy open doors to internationally recognized multi-billion fortunes. The way to do it is to partially integrate with South Korea, turn enslaved population into factory workers, and start earning billions from Samsung and Hyundai assembly  plants. However, that would make them competitors to China that doesn't need that, and China has better ability to influence NK power figures. The way to maintain status quo is to execute pro-integrationists, to get more people involved in crimes against humanity, and to run occasional skirmish with the South.Back to Jong-un. Judging from what others say about him, he wouldn't mind being Korean Gorbachev, but doesn't have focus and leadership qualities to rally that. So there should be a window of opportunity say 5 years while he still remembers his care-free life in the West , before he is so compromised with atrocities and military stand-off he has no choice but to keep NK the way it is.

Check out the PR photos (scattered all over the web) and reports on Kim Jong Un's "field guidance" events at the official North Korean PR Bureau,  http://www.kcna.co.jp/index-e.htm. See also Kim as he appears with a crowd chanting "May he live 10,000 years!", with Dennis Rodman and the Vice News crew at http://www.vice.com/video/north-...Carefully note the facial and body language displayed by Kim and his companions.Next, watch him wobbling and slack faced as he gave his traditional New Year's address for 2015, and the surreal cuts to other scenes whenever the canned applause is spliced in. Video of his speech:It appears likely that Kim is not feeling well. The use of what sounds like a dubbed in announcer's voice lip synched to him just makes it appear worse. In addition, this year there are now floral arrangements in this scene. For comparison, see the body language and faces of people in power elsewhere in the world, whether politicians, oligarchs, CEOs of major companies. They reveal totally different facial and body language. In addition, it is difficult, if not impossible, to find pictures or videos where normal leaders give a speech with nobody else visible, much less with the surreal nature of Kim's New Year's address this year.Between the photos and written material released about Kim, they portray, IMHO, an effort by the ruling clique to portray Kim as a figurehead only, albeit one who apparently suffers delusions of ridiculously improbable feats of genius (does he really?);  meanwhile portraying themselves as innocent functionaries who should be allowed to escape indictment for crimes against humanity. See also the explosion of anonymous threats issuing from their PR bureau regarding the U.N. human rights investigation, matched by a "charm offensive" in which the ruling clique try to look like they all are innocent. Innocent!It is as if Kim and those around him are all trying to evade responsibility for anything. See for support of the evasion of responsibility thesis, the fact that threats are issued anonymously through the PR bureau, whereas charm offensive PR releases are attributed to actual human beings, sometimes even attributed to alleged leader Kim.So my conclusion is that Kim Jong Un is a lost child, the ruling clique -- the most youthful already in their 60s -- also feeling lost, casting about for escape. The high velocity switching between preposterous threats and begging for mercy of recent weeks is frightening because you don't want to corner a wounded tiger who might do anything to escape.By begging for mercy, see these for example:Pyongyang, December 24 (KCNA) -- Supreme leader Kim Jong Un sent a letter of thanks to Ri Hui Ho, widow of ex-president Kim Dae Jung, on Dec. 18....He said that Kim Jong Il often recalled in his lifetime Ri's total devotion of all her efforts to the nation and the reunification together with ex-president Kim Dae Jung.He expressed his will to make positive efforts to realize the long-cherished desire for national reunification in the future, too, true to the noble will of reunification of the preceding top leaders and their lifelong cause.He expected Ri to surely visit Pyongyang in a good season next year and have good time, having a rest. http://www.kcna.co.jp/index-e.htm Pyongyang, December 24 (KCNA) -- Supreme leader Kim Jong Un sent a letter of thanks to Hyon Jong Un, chairwoman of Hyundai Group, on Dec. 18....She visited the bier of Kim Jong Il to express condolences when the DPRK people were in grief over his sudden demise, the letter stressed, adding the wreath and message were a clear manifestation of her intention to value and keep the close relations generation after generation the NDC chairman had with former honorary Chairman Jong Ju Yong and former Chairman Jong Mong Hon.All Koreans will remember the patriotic feats of Jong Ju Yong and Jong Mong Hon for the nation and reunification, it noted.It wished her always success in her work.It said that she would be welcomed if she visits Pyongyang in the future. http://www.kcna.co.jp/index-e.htmPyongyang, December 24 (KCNA) -- A relevant institution of the DPRK intercepted south Korean inhabitant Ma Sang Ho, 52, who illegally entered the area of the DPRK side late in November.Ma admitted his illegal entry into the country and earnestly requested to let him live in the DPRK as the south side restricts his freedom, while treating him as a mentally deranged person.We have decided to persuade him into going back to where his parents live from humanitarian point of view.In this regard the chairman of the Central Committee of the Red Cross Society of the DPRK on Dec. 24 sent a notice to the president of the south Korean Red Cross, informing him that it will hand over the south Korean inhabitant to the south side through Panmunjom on Dec. 26. News From KOREAN CENTRAL NEWS AGENCY of DPRK

Considering how many answers are getting downvoted here, I'm not sure what the expectation is for a response. By definition, he's a reclusive person, so unless his BFF gets smuggled out of the country and decides to answer this question on Quora, this is all wild guessing and speculations.My answer to this would be to make a comparison to a wealthy family. I have heard it said before that wealth lasts for three generations -- the first generation who makes the money, his heir who manages the fortune (but does not generally increase it), and the third generation to spend it all. Or to sum it up, the grandfather makes it, the father who grew up in the family business just keeps the machinery humming and the grandson just goes freakin' nuts and spends all the money partying -- because he's grown up in wealth and is spoiled rotten. You didn't earn the money, you weren't even there when the money was earned, so there's no sense of balance whatsoever.It appears to me that this same phenomenon is playing out on the grand stage in North Korea. The grandfather, that would be "Dear Leader", who was responsible for coming to power and locking up the country, then his son, Kim Jong-Il who managed it for years and years, maintaining the status quo, and now here's the grandson. The freaked out, spoiled, "daddy left me the keys to the nuclear rockets" grandson. Just like the money, there's no balance.This in my mind is what makes the situation so much more dangerous.

Clinically speaking Kim Jong-un has all the telltale signs of a sociopath. His behavior is often characterized as emotional/unstable, erratic, impulsive, manipulative and deadly.Although Kim Jong-un enjoyed a number of years in Switzerland and got a taste of what a free society looks like, I think it’s useless to project our sense of normality onto Kim Jong-un and weigh his personality accordingly.The question I think we should all ask ourselves is to what extent Kim Jong-un is a product of his environment.Wealth seems to be the one thing Kim Jong-un has had plenty of his entire life. The rest paints a grim picture, though:Kim Jong-un grew up in a world where wealth and later power were the only things capable of offering solace. He grew up in a country where people don’t have meaning, but a purpose. Sassy as it may sound, love likely never played a big role in the dictator’s life.My guess is Kim Jong-un used his privileges to compensate for the lack of any human connection at a very early age, no doubt encouraged to do so by his father, Kim Jong-il.Added to this it can be argued Kim Jong-un is brainwashed as much as the 24 million people he rules. He wasn’t brainwashed with the same ideology his citizens are fed, but he did grow up in a warped version of reality. He came from a family that blew up planes, sank ships, executed people by the thousands, tortured them in even greater numbers and let millions die of hunger. The inner workings of dictatorial politics are a dark corner for a human mind to mature in.Kim Jong-un’s sociopathy probably grew at an early age. He’s the poster child for why one shouldn’t spoil a child too much. It would seem present day Kim Jong-un is a spoiled child in a grown body. He never had to take any of the hurdles that come with growing up and reaching maturity.Now add all of that to the fact he was left in charge of a country at age 29. I’m not at all a supporter of Kim Jong-un and his regime, but I wouldn’t wish it upon anyone to carry that kind of responsibility at such a young age.Lacking the coping mechanisms most of us gain from actual life experience Kim Jong-un probably resorts to feeding on the one thing he’s been feeding on his entire life: wealth and power. To make things worse, he is doing so in an environment where everyone is a potential traitor. Indicative of Kim Jong-un’s coping mechanisms (and to what extent he’s a product of his father), the young leader annually spends about 600 million Dollar on luxury items, most of which go to his inner circle. That’s twice as much money as his father ever spent. Kim Jong-un lives in a world where loyalty is a product, one that becomes more expensive with each passing day.So what’s Kim Jong-un like?He’s a scared, lonely and emotional recluse who has no idea how to relate to other people on any meaningful level. By Western standards he’s probably delusional, though it should be noted his interpretation of reality seems to hold up in his current environment.I would think he resents his current position, but that he isn’t aware his diet of wealth and power is one of the main reasons it sustains. Surrounded by a ruling elite that knows very well Kim Jong-un’s only reason for succeeding his father is that he was allowed to sit on his lap as a child, the leader is no doubt plagued my many insecurities, leading him to feed on wealth and power even more as a way to compensate.In short: Kim Jong-un is an average human being that grew up in a dysfunctional environment void of any warmth, love, trust and other stuff that makes a human being ‘human’.

