It is quite simple, actually. Purges hit mostly two kinds of people:Old Bolsheviks and ex-Czar middle class / officers who were integrated into Soviet regime at not-so low or high official positions. Also kulaks, kind of middle class farmers.Why is it that? Old Bolsheviks and ex-Czar blue / white collars were very much hated by new Bolsheviks, who were recruited from lower class peasants and workers, some of these were lumpens. They did not like them, because many of Old Bolsheviks and ex-Czar professionals were “intelligencia”, the people who are going to theatre, love high arts and such bourgeaous activities. These people had Czar-like manners or behaviors. Even Maxim Gorky was like this. When revolutionairy sailors visited his villa in Italy they told him that he must be ashamed of such bouargeous life. But Gorky was famous writer, Marxist and old man and lived abroad by that time so they may complain but could not repress him.That was a kind of modern “oprichnina”, repeat of ancient Moscow kingdom event when middle / top class citizens were purged by criminals and lumpens to weaken independence and to strengthen the power of Czar. Take note that Stalin liked Ivan the Terrible and unfortunately some of Russians still do.Yes there were some simple people purged to. Usually these were either “unlucky jokers” who would say a joke about Stalin or a party, or these who were sentensed by their envious camrade delation.But of course many Old Bolsheviks also were Trotsky supporters. And Trotsky had a death fight with Stalin. Trotsky was for world revolution, maximal internationalism, while Stalin tried to build “socialism in isolated country”.In such way Stalin was closer to NSDAP which also was national socialist, but not to racist wing of NSDAP but to purged and destroyed left non-racist wing of NSDAP, which was lead by Otto Strasser.My mother studied all of this, also my mother is a daughter of repressed “kulaks” and by father side my ancestors were Orthodox priests / Czar time professionals so I know well what I am talking about. Mother of my wife is from simple peasants, first generation of citizens, and she hates me fully for my bouargeous manners. Nope also that average Russian peasants were much poorer than Western peasants, thus the difference of level of life between the village and the city was and is abnormal. Especially after the purge of kulaks.Now I see clearly the reasons - Stalin vs Trotsky struggle and hatred of Russian poor lower class to Russian middle / top class some of which was integrated into Soviet apparatus.Russian industrialization and huge flow of peasants in the cities where they hated old generations of citizens, is key hidden reason of most of Russian events from late XIX century to the present day.But today the flow is over, this means Russia may change in the future.Speaking of starvation, it happened both in Ukraine and in many regions of Russia. There was no goal to starve especially Ukrainians - do not feed Ukrainian nationalism hatred, please.There is also one strange thing - that Trotsky was not less relentless but Western media writes and complains much much less about him. Maybe because modern Western politics looks so much Trotskyst like sometimes? “Let’s ignite liberal revolutions all over the world”.Thanks to upvoters, I can explain even a bit further.Many of Old Bolsheviks were ultra-liberals (emancipate everyone from kid to woman) and pro-Western Marxists who thought that just in few years the revolution will spread to Europe then to the whole world. They saw Czar Russia as nationalist “jail of nations” (for example Jews were not fully emancipated in Czar Russia) and as very backwardish. While somewhat that was true, they invited lots of poor workers and peasants into Communist party during and after Civil war. It was especially natural because Marxism key idea is equality and even a hegemony of a workers class.They did not realize that Russian lower class was much poorer than Western lower class and also Russia had a serfdom for much longer time than let’s say England.When reading Charles Dickens sometimes you could see interactions of very poor Englishmen to English elite, if poor man is not a hired servant they may shake hands like friends. It was unthinkable with most of Russian noblemen and their serfs. It was just only few decades since serfdom was gradually abolished. Sure there was lots of relentless exploitation in England as well, but poor people still were not so much alien to elite as in Czar Russia, where they often spoke different languages (simple Russian vs literature Russian / French).Also as Engelhartd stated, average Russian peasant (with the exception of kulaks) was much poorer than average Western farmer. Partially due to oppression and backward technologies, partially due to harsh weather conditions.All of that caused huge relentless Civil war a huge hatred towards part of Soviet elite who became “too bouargeous”. Stalin fuelled, channeled that hatred to make purges and to greatly increase his power. Although he of course did some good things too - like very fast industrialization. But the expenses of forced labor and repressions were huge.Stalin also understood that Trotsky way is too much pro-Western for Russia which become Asian-like minded since the Golden Horde Yoke (the whole 200 years of very Asian dictatorship). His more isolationist and more nationalist approach to communism thus become very popular. Lots of the people, especially old people originally from peasants still value Stalin very high for “protecting their values” and for increasing the power of the country.So communism in Russia stared as very pro-Western movement, then turned into Asian-like patriotic movement during Stalin rule. It happens in Russia regularly - for example Yeltsin was more pro-Western while Putin is less.Also communist revolution in such outdated poor country actually (hiddenly) was just a Capitalist revolution but of special Asian-like kind. Marx would not approve revolution in backward country like Czar Russia, he thought that top developed countries like Germany or UK would be proper choice. Late Soviet time proves that as many of Soviet apparatchiki / komsomol leaders become businessmen after the collapse of Soviet Union. Capitalism was growing up inside Soviet system, gradually but inevitable. Trotsky predicted that in his late anti-Stalin works, by the way. Although his own world revolution ideas were even more utopical.Russia also was and is a country of “good Czar”, sacred rule of one leader. It also is related to Czar-time myth, which was very much popular among peasants, that Czar is always good and everything bad / screwups are due to his ministers / staff mismanagement, who should be punished for that. That idea is exploited in Russian politics till today.They do not realize how much unstable and unscalable is placing too much of power into single hands and how much corrupting is the idea of ideal never failed Czar. Because when Czar dies or is displaced, political and economical instability comes.Stalin key failures was his too much oppressive national policy. Many of repressed Old Bolsheviks / doctors were of non-Russian origin, before of that many Jews were supportive of revolution, after purges they became major opponents of Soviet rule. Stalin made enemies among Western Ukrainians, Crimean Tatars, Chechens and Russia had and still have major problems there due to his harsh actions.Russia needs something like Magna Carta and parliament republic, but unfortunately our country has too few of patriotic oligarchs and our rich people who send their assets to UK, invest to UK would make poor parliament republic - only a resource colony.

While such a view of history is attractive; it's highly reductionist. In order to deny their own responsibility in facilitating the rise of Nazism (whether directly or indirectly) western nations have been at pains to create a historical narrative where Stalin and by extension the Soviet Union are the root of all evil. First, such a view assumes a sort of omnipotence on the part of Stalin, and is contemporarily considered big man history or Whig history. When we read history as merely the interaction of powerful individuals with everyone follows as sheep we sacrifice the nuance of history for a simplified narrative.Second, and on a matter of substance, you can't attribute the rise of Nazism to the existence of socialism. Since its incarnation as a movement socialism has always had to contend with reactionaries. I mean, what would have Prince Metternich have thought of the Nazis? Socialism developed as a philosophy to represent the working class. Whether or not you believe capitalism is more ethical today or not, and I would concede there is evidence to argue either way, it was extremely exploitative at the time and even Henry Ford over time was forced to accept unionization after significant labour unrest. The point is, if conditions were not so poor for working people there would never have a need for socialism. It is a categorical error to say Nazism based its model of organization off the Soviet Union in face of the overwhelming evidence of Hitler being inspired by the United States and the British Empire. His idea of a master race has much more in common with the colonial and imperial projects of those countries as opposed to class warfare, which is essentially the reverse. Finally, with the opening of the Soviet archives, albeit not completely, it is possible to arrive at more rational analysis of that historical period. The particular method of rapid industrialization and subsequent economic organization adopted by countries in the socialist bloc enabled an alternative path and irrevocably changed the course of world history. Joseph Stalin should quite rightly have the designation of being the leader of the first socialist experiment in human history, for better or for worse.I think there is much more discussion to be had, however I will leave it at that for now.  

You've covered a lot of ground and there is much truth to both those perspectives. The mass purges and Gulag ended with Stalin's death in 1953.The 1930s saw the rapid rise and fall of regimented, corporatist, or totalitarian political phenomena all over the world. Some were ubiquitous for a few years but are almost unknown today. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blu...http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blu...Obviously I'm not equating the very different severity of all these; the point I'm making is about the rapidity and global reach of trends.

In a decade Stalin turned the USSR into an industrial power from nothing.Nothing like this has ever been done by anyone anywhere. It was a miracle. But it came at a price. What exactly that price was I don't know, but I don't believe the story told by the bourgeoisie.The Soviets did win the war almost single-handedly, but they were supplied by the other Allies.Andy Grove wrote a book, "Only the paranoid survive." I'm not sure the Purges were any more than an effective means of motivating people. Stalin DID have enemies among the old Bolsheviks, but ordinary people...I doubt Stalin really believed there were any vast conspiracies.

Personally, I consider myself to be in the middle; neither pro-Stalin, neither anti-Stalin. Thus, here are all the facts you need to know about him. You can make your own interpretations, however, I will offer mine in the end if you are curious.NegativesKilled quite a lot of people (official Soviet records say 660.000, figures could be higher of course);Initiated mass deportations of ethnic and religious minorities such as Crimean Tatars and Chechens;Conduct show trials that helped him successfuly purge his political “rivals” who were mostly innocent, such as Bukharin, Trotsky, Zinoviev, Kamenev, and Rykov;Refused to save his son when he was captured by Nazis fighting for the Soviets in the war. While this may be bad, we must realize and accept that had he saved his son, the people of the USSR would be angry at him since that would mean he would have to save everyone’s sons. He couldn’t afford to do that, and thus, let his son die for his country;Purged his army generals (a majority of them) RIGHT WHEN Hitler began invading Ĉechoslovakia and Austria, which we can see was a big mistake from the initial success of Operation Barbarossa.PositivesBrought much-need stability to the USSR as they had witnessed a series of turmoils in the past;Helped standardize education by encouraging Russian which helped bridge the language barrier within the various republics, thus contributing to increased efficiency and productivity;His 5-Year Plans for rapid mass-industrialization were by far the best the world had seen. It was his 5-Year Plans that formed the basis for numerous others for countries such as India, Pakistan, China, Vietnam, Egypt, Iraq, Ethiopia, Argentina, South Korea, etc. He:Made the economic growth rate at a staggering 23% per annum;Expanded electricity output from 5million KWh to 35million KWh;Expanded iron production 5-folds;Expanded steel production 6-folds;Expanded railways extensively;Helped kick-start the Soviet armament industry;He championed gender equality and women were allowed to work with men for equal time and equal wages. Voting was open to women, albeit they could only vote within the Communist Party;Helped the Soviets get their first Atomic Bomb. Now while this may be a bad thing to develop nukes, one must realize that to maintain the balance of power, developing nukes for the Soviets was necessary, otherwise, they would have well fallen behind militarily and politically on the international stage. Another note, had the Soviets not developed their nukes, there would be no arms-limitation treaties and there would have been no NPT;He transformed the Soviet Union into a superpower in a time-frame so quick, even the American President Franklin Delano Roosevelt admired it. This was also the reason why the Americans feared Soviets and introduced “Red-Scares” to start witch-hunts and purges of their own;He helped abolish homelessness, poverty, illiteracy, unemployment, and hunger by dedicating vast resources to this cause. He had managed various success until WW2 broke out, after which he resumed, but died shortly before every Soviet citizen had a roof over their head and food on their plate, however, employment was near 100%;Helped prioritize Mathematics and Science over religious studies in schools, which led to massive Soviet advances in the fields of technology and research, such as the Atom Bomb, Sputnik, their very own cars and vehicles, etc.ConclusionWhile Stalin may be regarded as a tyrant (OH MY GOD COMMUNISM IS SO BAD IT KILLED 1 TRILLION PEOPLE IN 1 YEAR STALIN WAS A RETARD) for killing and deporting millions and purging his allies, he brought much-needed stability, development, respect, and jobs and drastically increased Soviet standards of living.

While Stalin was in power, the cause of the left advanced globally. This included left-wing anti-Communism which implemented a lot of traditional socialist ideas that had previously been blocked.The fear created by the Soviet Union made the ruling class much more willing to accept moderate reform. When the Soviet Union alienated much of the left in the West in the 1970s, the ruling class began a counter-offensive and took back a lot of the economic gains made by ordinary people.Anti-Stalin Leninism proved a complete bust. By contrast, China refused to make any blanket comdemnation of either Stalin or Mao, and this approach continues to flourish.Ruthlessness was needed for a tough period, in which Fascism very nearly triumped. And it was Lenin, not Stalin, who decided that the new state should be a one-party dictatorship where the ruling party allowed no serious opposition.See The Left Redefined ‘The Normal’ for what changed.See Why Trotksy’s politics achieved nothing solid for the failure of anti-Stalin Leninism

I'm not a fan, though I did appreciate Sıddäk Ähuja's answer to Was there anything good about Joseph Stalin?Taking a line from Testimony (1988 film): he inspired Shostakovich. In a way that you wouldn't wish on anyone.

When Stalin first came into power, Russia was like this:The Russian Empire just collapsed into 6 countries, USSR, Finland, Poland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. Romania has occupied Bessarabia.The Red Army was not a match against Polish armies. Pilsudski with his 700,000 men beat the Russian armies.Russia has just got through WWI and the civil war. A great famine has already happened in 1921. And their industry was totally broken.Among the countries that encircles Russia, except for Mongolia, every country shows hostility to USSR, including the western Europe which had the best armies of their time.And there are also other things that Stalin has to overcome with his people in the future.In 20 years, Nazi Germany would invade USSR with 6,000,000 men. These armies has the best technologies of their time, and nobody would provide significant help to Russia.Before this, the Japanese army would try to attack Russia. If USSR did not react well in this incident, over 1,000,000 Japanese troop would invade Siberia.Even if USSR could win the war against the axis, the western allies would still be hostile to USSR. They have a lot of money and far more manpower that the Soviets had. They would also be able to build atom bombs in 1945.When Stalin died, Russia was like this:1. Soviet Union has taken back the countries that separated from Russian Empire. They took back all the land that Russia have lost to Japan and Poland. They even expanded their territory more.2. The axis was completely destroyed. Russian army has occupied their enemy’s capital Berlin. The Japanese troops in Manchuria was also destroyed by the Red army.3. The countries that encircles Russia has all choose to be communist countries. No hostile country attachs Russia.4. Russia had the first strong industry in Europe, and second in the world. They also had nuclear weapons. USSR has become a superpower.

