First all of there is nothing like compatible vr,if your phone has gyroscope sensor any VR is going to work with it.Now let's come to your question , if you want to just see how VR works and use it casually you should buy some basic Google cardboard based VR headset( recommendation: mi VR) , but if you need more functionality gear VR is the way to go.Hope this helps:)

It's nothing like only Samsung gear vr will support. If you are looking for cheap options you have got zebronics vr for 700 and mi vr for 999. You can check out these, those are basic vr gears.Samsung vr or Google cardboard vr is gonna cost you around 5k but those are good for gaming and controls.

Hi, thanks for A2A.Samsung’s gear VR is most suitable for your J7 prime. Just have look on it.Link : Gear VR | Samsung USHope it helps!

Here is what you must know about the Galaxy J7 - Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Price, Specifications, Features and MoreAs per my recommendation why not buy the latest launched smartphones with more advanced features and updated OS.Here is the list of latest and upcoming phones that you can consider-Nokia D1C, Honor 6X, Samsung Galaxy A7, Galaxy A5, Galaxy A3 (2017), Coolpad Cool 1 or ZTE Nubia Z11, Nubia N1

In my opinion its NOI’ve noticed that the budget smartphones launced by Samsung have following flawsPoor Signal Reception:- you will be busy searching network in places where budget smartphone of Xaomi, Oppo, Micromax, Intex and others will have full network strength.Poor WiFi Budget phones of Samsung have this major disadvantage that on same WiFi network its bandwidth capturing or downloading speed is very low compared to other smartphone in same price range.No Super AMOLDED Its very shocking to see an upgraded model of Galaxy J7 does not have SuperAMOLED display.Other than those mentioned above its does have following ProsAwesome CameraLook and feels good in handUpgraded SoC, RAM and SoftwareNo hanging ProblemNo heating Problem

Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime mobile is the latest edition from the Samsung J series. The device comes with a very good 13Mp camera and an octa-core processor. The device runs on v6.0 marshmallow on the box.Weight: 167gDimensions: 151.7 x 75 x 8 mmDISPLAY Type: TFT LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colorsSize: 5.5 inchesTouch: Multi touchPrimary camera : 13 MP, autofocus, LED flashSecondary camera : 8 MPFeatures: Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, panorama, HDRWi-Fi: Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/nWLAN:hotspotBluetooth: v4.0, A2DPUSB: microUSB v2.0Speed: HSPA, LTE Cat4 150/50 MbpsMEMORYInternal Storage: 16 GB, 3 GB RAMExternal Storage: up to 256 GBMemory Slot: microSDOS: Marshmallow v6.0Chipset: Exynos 7870 OctaCPU: Octa-core 1.6 GHz Cortex-A53Graphics:Mali-T830MP2Sensors: Fingerprint, accelerometer, proximityBattery: Non-removable Li-Ion 3300 mAh batteryPrice: 18790/-see more gadget review click here

No. Samsung galaxy j7 prime is not waterproof. To being water and dust resistant, a smartphone must have IP68 Rating which is simply not seen in galaxy j7 prime as per it's specifications on official Samsung website. Thank you!!

Sorry, Samsung Galaxy J7 prime does not come with a Magnetic Sensor, which is required for using a Compass app.

The compas will not work unless your phone hav MAGNETOMETER SENSORSo as you have mentioned your phone is Samsung galaxy j7 primeSo i want to inform you that your phone dosent have magnetometer sensor so the compas feature will not work in your phone no mater what app you install from play store .Hope you get it.

Sunil, your smartphone doesn't have a sensor named Magnetometer so you can't use compass on your smartphone. It's not only an app but is hardware based feature which is not supported by your device. Definitely you can get a number of apps named compass but they're useless. It won't work until your smartphone is having Magnetometer. And if your device would support it you would get it preinstalled in your device.

